Georgia 'downs two Russian warplanes' as countries move to brink of war"
Remember that adorable 9-year-old who sang at the opening ceremonies? That was fake, too.'
 U.S. refuses Israel weapons to attack Iran: report'
In an Afghan prison, the majority of female prisoners are serving 20-year sentences for being victims of rape '
Man arrested and locked up for five hours after taking photo of police van ignoring 'no entry' sign"
N Korea's Kim died in 2003; replaced by lookalike, says Waseda professor"
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has accused the US of provoking the conflict in Georgia, possibly for domestic election purposes. '
A girl filmed Israeli soldiers' brutality. Since then, her family has been the victim of revenge attacks.  "
Security guards beat man at soccer (football) game, fans and players charge the field and beat them.'
I love the world: Thai Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej was forced to resign after a court said he had violated the Constitution by hosting a cooking show. Seriously.'
OPEC finished??  Saudi Arabia says 'LATER!'"
Did Saakashvili Lie?: The West Begins to Doubt Georgian Leader'
Attack on US embassy in Yemen leaves 16 dead'
Russian navy sails to Venezuela '
$US 13 billion of the money allocated for reconstruction projects in Iraq was wasted or stolen, with some of it ending up in al-Qaedas coffers'
Iran leader says 'American empire' near collapse"
The Power Of Nightmares - BBC (Part 1)'
"Fucking hell ... it\'s fucking Great Britain. It\'s 2008. I\'ve been to Soweto and I\'ve seen Aids orphans eating better than that."'
Mexican Farm Leader Dies After Lighting Himself on Fire in Protest'
US strikes 'kill 20 in Pakistan'"
Iceland. Sept 5/08 : UN's Best Country to Live '07.  Oct 5/08: Food hoarding begins, Currency rated just above Zimbabwe"
(Russia) "You won\'t buy our version of the war in Georgia? Fine, we won\'t buy your version of 9/11."'
Modern slavery in Dubai'
The Bush administration this month is quietly cutting off birth control supplies to some of the worlds poorest women in Africa.'
Icelandic Currency (ISK) loses 73% of its value in a single day. Yesterday, 1 USD = 92 ISK. Today, 1 USD = 418 ISK. '
Russian Lawyer Who Defended Journalists Is Poisoned In France'
On behalf of the 64% of Canadians who did not vote for our new Conservative government, I apologize for what our country has done.'
The Other Man On The Podium'
Britain's freedoms under threat from 'Big Brother security state', warns Director of Public Prosecutions"
US falls to 119th out of around 160 countries ranked by press freedoms outside its own territory, says Reporters Without Borders.'
EU formally renews ties with Cuba '
BBC: Rampant Evidence That Georgia Committed War Crimes During Conflict With Russia'
I Know We've Got This Election in US To Worry, But I Wanted To Help Shine More Light On Our Australian Friends Potential 'Internet Filter' Problem. Let's Keep That In The Spotlight Too!"
Every MP to receive a copy of Orwell\'s "Nineteen Eighty-Four"'
London: Smokers to be banned from fostering children'
"People \'can\'t wait for ID cards\'" - WTF?  Why would anyone  (even if indifferent to the scheme) actually WANT an ID card?'
IAEA: Documents linking Iran to nuclear weapons push may have been fabricated'
Sudan's President has announced an immediate ceasefire in Darfur."
"Now for being stupid and believing in witchcraft you will have to work much harder to recoup the money you gave us." Note left by Pyramid scheme operators to taunt angry victims.'
Putin: "I am going to hang Saakashvili by the balls. Why not? The Americans hanged Saddam Hussein." Sarkozy: "Yes, but do you want to end up like Bush?" Putin: "You have a point"'
Haitians are so desperate for food that many mothers wait to name their newborns because so many infants die of malnourishment'
Bush ignored by the other world leaders at the G20 meeting'
Denmark considers outlawing male circumcision on minors.'
The U.K. will make it an offence, punishable by up to ten years imprisonment, to publish or elicit information about any police constable'
Canadian Conservatives Suspend Parliament to Avoid Facing a Non-Confidence Vote '
Canada: Wal-Mart tries to prevent employee unionization. Wal-Mart tries to go to Supreme Court. Wal-Mart loses.'
The unrest that has gripped Greece is spilling over into the rest of Europe, raising concerns the clashes could be a trigger for opponents of globalization, disaffected youth and others ...'
Turks apologize for Armenian massacres'
Man applauds `shoe-ing' of Bush, arrested"
Chinese ship uses Molotov cocktails to fight off Somali pirates'
Scientist repeat 1962 Milgram test: More than 80% of people torture others when told to do so by an authority figure. Have we learned nothing?'
Man threatened with arrest under the Australian Anti-Terrorism Act for videoing police performing a search in public.'
American Express gets $3.39 Billion, Capital One gets $3.6 Billion, DIscover gets $1.2 Billion...Lets have the intrest rate for this money at 22.99% compounded monthly and with a $3 million late fee.'
Today Israel takes down an entire apt building of civilians to kill the family of one man. In Canada, we call that  terrorism.'
Palestine Girl stands up to Israel Soldier '
You are being lied to about pirates'
Vatican: Gaza is a giant concentration camp'
Enough. It's time for a boycott"
The video the Israeli Army didn't want you to see "
Greece hinders US arms delivery to Israel'
UN headquarters in Gaza hit by Israeli 'white phosphorus' shells"
Top Israeli officers warned against traveling in Europe because of the danger they might be arrested for war crimes. '
No bailout - Russians get cheaper vodka instead. Government to cut alcohol taxes in half to help ease the citizens pain.'
UN human rights official Richard Falk (who is Jewish): Gaza evokes memories of Warsaw Ghetto; dismisses Israel\'s argument that the assault was for self-defense. Israel labels him "Israel hater".'
This is a picture of Gaza students back to school after the bombings. The cards mention the names [and ages] of the students who are not there anymore.'
...and I am to Blame?'
A protester has thrown a shoe at Wen Jiabao during a speech at Cambridge University and called the Chinese prime minister a "dictator".'
India shocked as moral police beat girls out of pu
Fires in Australia from The Big Picture'
Saudi judge sentences pregnant gang-rape victim to 100 lashes for committing adultery'
A teenage thief picked on the wrong victim when she tried to run off with a bag belonging to pensioner Jean Hirst - a former championship sprinter. '
Are you a bad enough dude to have the Russian government send afghan war veterans to hunt you down, and almost win if it wasn't for a godly sniper who shot you in the head while you were running through trees and smoke?"
Mexico just discovered oil "3.8 times its present known reserves, and half that of the Saudis" There goes your Electric vehicle progress.'
Israel at it again: They just seized 425 acres of Palestinian land to build a settlement for 2500 homes. They seriously are not interested in peace.'
Graph of historic financial collapses puts current crisis into perspective'
Legalize It: Ammiano to Introduce Legislation Monday to Allow Pot -- and Tax It'
Man survives 10 days in ski mountain, spouse dies. Neither police nor search and rescue teams began ground searches until Tuesday, despite helicopter pilots twice reporting they saw an SOS symbol carved into the snow.'
Israel blocks pasta shipment to Gaza: "Is someone going to kill you with a piece of macaroni?" '
The United States has decided to boycott an upcoming UN conference on racism unless its final document is changed to drop all references to Israel'
Last night an asteroid (discovered only days ago) the size of a 10 story building moving 12 miles per second buzzed pass earth within 1/5 the distance to the moon.'
The worst 'good luck' card ever? "
Stop Bill C-15: Say No To Mandatory Jail Terms For Marijuana'
Kim Jong-Il wins re-election with 99.9% of the vote. In other news, 0.1% of North Koreans put into labor camps.'
Hello Wikileaks?  Huge UK Bank gags newspaper from revealing multi-million pound tax rort.'
"In a crowded civilian city, there are all sorts of people who cannot run away: the elderly, the disabled, the pregnant, the terrified. This soldier was told to kill them."'
[pic] Israeli tshirt: kill pregnant women, that way you kill two in one shot'
China bans Youtube.'
Israeli lie machine goes into overdrive -- Israeli soldiers didn\'t actually shoot a woman and kids that went the wrong way, "warning shots" were exaggerated by other soldiers.  Does Israel actually think anybody anywhere buys this crap?'
Western internet censorship: The beginning of the end or the end of the beginning?'
Dubai: How Not to Build a City'
The dark side of Dubai'
The film-maker Sir David Attenborough becomes a patron of a group seeking to cut the growth in human population. '
Overfishing to wipe out bluefin tuna: WWF'
Israel decides to build a "Museum of Tolerance" atop a Muslim cemetery'
Israeli FM: "Believe me, America accepts all our decisions. The Obama Admin will put forth new peace initiatives only if Israel wants it to."'
The outbreak of swine flu should be renamed "Mexican" influenza in deference to Muslim and Jewish sensitivities over pork, said an Israeli health official Monday.'
Muslims dont care about Swine Flu being called Swine Flu.  The Israeli minister doesn't speak for us."
BREAKING NEWS: Attack on Dutch Royal family, car tries to hit royal bus at high speed, hits public'
Brazilian cattle ranching company wants permission from the Paraguayan government to destroy the forest where the Ayoreo-Totobiegosode Indians live, one of the last uncontacted tribes in the world'
The "Most Moral Army in the World (TM)" shoots peaceful protestor point blank on camera... and they still say the IDF does not intentionally target civilians'
Afghanistan passes law making it "illegal for a Shia Muslim woman to refuse to have sex with her husband, to leave the house without his permission or have custody of children." No wonder Canada is doubting whether the sacrifice of its soldiers lives is worth it.'
Swedish Bank to Freeze Accounts of The Pirate Bay Admins'
 Unsung hero : The only reason we know anything about all those claims for light bulbs and moat cleaning is that campaigning journalist Heather Brooke has spent the last five years fighting tooth and nail for MPs to come clean about their expenses ...'
The Belgian bodybuilding championship has been canceled after doping officials showed up and all the competitors fled.'
'Endemic' rape and abuse of Irish children in Catholic care, inquiry finds"
The Nigerian military has been accused of killing hundreds, maybe thousands, of civilians in the oil-rich Niger Delta. The military offensive began eight days ago but has received little international attention'
Tiananmen anniversary unimportant to Chinese youth :('
Fuck: N Korea warns of possible military strike   -- "No longer bound by the 1953 armistice"'
June 4th, 1989'
Won't see this on CNN... Reddit what do you think about this?"
WTF: UK police are teaching children to spot terrorists -- More than 2,000 10 and 11-year-olds will see a short film, which urges them to tell the police, their parents or a teacher if they hear anyone expressing extremist views!'
'TV pictures from Tehran delivered a stark reminder that Iran is not a backward country of medieval fanatics, but a modern nation with 70 million people, two thirds of whom are under 30 and have the same interests and aspirations as their Western counterparts'"
Yall wanna see feminism? Patriotism? There you go. [Iranian Woman]'
The man who leaked the real election results from the Interior Ministry - the ones showing Ahmadinejad coming third - was killed in a suspicious car accident (11:00am Posting)'
Mistaken for a protester in Tehran, an officer grabbed me, pinned my arm behind my back and led me into the bowels of the Interior Ministry headquarters'
Another site showing pictures of protesters for Identification by the Basij! Help bring it down!'
URGENT New Video: MANY students shot &amp; killed by Basiji gun fire in Iran'
Iranian footballers who wore green armbands to support protesters forced to retire by hardline regime'
Screw You, Ahmadinejad! [pic]'
Iraq currently holding giant GTFO party'
Scientology's Viral Marketing"
My friend in Honduras just sent me an email with videos and pictures of the military firing on peaceful protesters. I uploaded his eyewitness account for everyone to see. Please don't let this disappear, because no one else is reporting it."
It\'s Official, Ireland Makes Blasphemy Illegal.  Seriously.  Passed Wednesday, legislation making blasphemy illegal, with a 25,000-Euro fine.  Police may also enter homes and confiscate "blasphemous materials" including books, artwork, cartoons of Mohammed . . . whatever!  Book burnings next?'
Israeli cell phone ad shows friendly game of Israeli-Palestinian football over the Wall.  Palestinians test it out; kick ball over wall.  Salvo of tear gas grenades fired in return.   Includes video.   LOL. '
British police wants DNA database of everyone who has been arrested, but not convicted of a crime. They argue that innocent people who have been arrested are as likely to commit crimes in the future as guilty people...WTF!?'
Mum drags daughter onto faux lie detector test on live radio, to ask her if she has skipped school/had sex. She reveals to Australia previous rape experience at 12 years old. '
North Korea's Kim releases U.S. journalists"
"I am a terrorist, shoot on sight": New British ID card, supposedly unhackable and containing very personal information, cloned and modified in minutes'
Malaysia's brain-damaged government declares \r\nH1N1 flu is caused by masturbation and \r\nhomosexuality."
Two convicted for refusal to decrypt data'
Americans pay $635.85 on cell phone service, compared to $131.44 per year in the Netherlands or $137.94 per year in Sweden.'
A campaign to make the UK government officially apologize for castrating and driving to suicide Alan Turing - the man who helped break Nazi codes and revolutionize computing - just because he was a homosexual'
Courts put 13-year-old girl in state care, blocking her from being the youngest person to sail around the world'
Thousands call for Turing apology'
In a backlash against the US 'war on drugs', Latin America turns to a more liberal policy"
Dutch prosecutors will charge Arab cultural group under hate speech laws for publishing a cartoon that suggests the death of 6 million Jews during World War II is a fabrication '
8.7 million North Koreans are starving: "There are no farm animals, virtually no machinery. You know there\'s a problem when people have eaten all the livestock." '
They promised each other that if one died, the other would wear a lime-green dress to the funeral.  On September 15th, Kevin Elliot died in Afghanistan -- and his friend kept his promise.'
Gaza\'s Water Supply Near Collapse. "The International Committee of the Red Cross has warned that Gaza\'s access to safe supply of drinking water could cease at any time."'
Girl's Refusal to Be Child Bride Inspires Nation\r\n"
Honduras: curfew extended to 50 hours. power, water, food cut to Brazillian Embassy(act of war!) Barrios barracaded, police evicted. the **** has hit the fan...'
Armored Police Seize University of Pittsburgh Campus, Attack Students, Then Claim They Were Stopping Anarchists @ G20'
Women working on Chiquitas plantations in Honduras work from 6:30 a.m. until 7 at night, their hands burning up inside rubber gloves.  Some workers are as young as 14'
Don't mess with the farmer's daughter. Holy crap."
Roman Catholic Nova Scotia bishop busted at \r\nCanadian airport with a laptop full of child porn.  \r\nThe real kicker: he is the one who previously \r\nhelped broker a $15-million settlement with people \r\nsexually abused by other priests in the diocese.'
The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind : true story of a Malawian teenager who transformed his village by building electric windmills out of junk'
The great energy rip-off in UK: Utility companies put up power prices by 42% last year, or 382 per household. Since then, the wholesale cost of gas and electricity has halved but bills have fallen by only 4%...wtf?!'
The report and question that The Guardian is being gagged for - wikileaks to the rescue.'
Blackwater used 'child prostitutes in Iraq'"
"Legalize it" lobby grows. Mexico and other Latin American countries move toward drug decriminalization.'
Kuwaiti women will be able to obtain their own passport without the consent of their husbands'
"I have never seen this in 30 years," Calder said. "I haven\'t heard Japanese talking back to American diplomats that often, especially not publicly. The Americans usually say, \'We have a deal,\' and the Japanese respond, \'Ah soo desu ka,\' -- we have a deal -- and it\'s over. This is new." '
The Church of Scientology was almost shut down today in France. Instead they were fined $900,000 and jailed 6 of their leaders. Found guilty of fraud.'
The British Government's chief drug adviser has sparked controversy by claiming ecstasy, LSD and cannabis are less dangerous than cigarettes and alcohol. "
Following his comments regarding Ectasy, LSD, and Cannabis, the British Government chief drug adviser Professor David Nutt has been sacked - for telling the truth.'
Unbelievable Video of Iranian Police beating protesters in the latest clash on November 4. Reddit, please let the world see how these animals are trying to suppress Iranian people right now.'
"The idea that an oil company was participating in the drafting of the Iraqi Constitution leaves me speechless"'
CAUGHT: Guy who dropped dog from a bridge in Latvia. Arrested, with PICS. Translated article.'
FIFA and Germany helped finance a soccer stadium in the Palestinian territories.  Now that it is almost complete, Israel has decided to tear it down.'
Well, now we\'re fucked. British Government to allow snooping on cloud storage, give powers to "any person as may be specified with or for the purposes of facilitating prevention of reduction of online infringement of copyright", speed limitations/disconnections for offenders, etc.'
In the future an immigrant arriving in Germany may have to sign an "integration contract." The contract would require the immigrant show respect for freedom of speech and women\'s equality.'
Everyone started running toward us, Ms. Nuez said. We thought there was a fight. Then we saw this guy with blood coming out of his mouth, and the killer right behind him, putting this thing away. I didnt know what it was. Instinctively, Ms. Nuez reached for her camera...'
One of the saddest days in Canadian history - "The Senate Committee studying C-15, a bill that would bring mandatory minimum prison sentences for marijuana to Canada, has given its approval with minor amendments."'
Ruins of Pompeii added to Google Street View'
BBC Investigation shows how much of a rip-off Cash4Gold is'
Internet search giant Google has come out in opposition to the Federal Government's push to introduce mandatory ISP filtering."
Hugo Chavez: If Climate Were Bank, U.S. Would Have Saved It'
Uninsured American living in Japan sees a doctor: "...when I get 3 prescriptions filled in 5 minutes and they are SORRY they have to charge me a whopping 30 bucks for it, and I see people back home paying many times that, I have to wonder how we\'re managing to do things just this wrong."'
This site publishes first had reports out of Iran.  Lots of eye witness accounts.  It is run by Iranian exiles with close contacts on the ground.  Let's show these people some love for risking it all to get the information out."
Czech Republic Decriminalizes All Major Drugs for Personal Use - Starting Tomorrow'
These images depict the untouched stomach contents of baby birds in one of the worlds most remote marine sanctuaries, more than 2000 miles from the nearest continent. (pics)'
Dear World, The Chinese government stole intellectual property from us and others. The censorship is crazy over there and we are seriously considering ceasing our Chinese operation. - signed google.'
France Calls for Cancellation of Haiti's Debt"
Hamas accepts Israel's right to exist"
Im proud: the Dutch collect over  41 mln for Haiti, government doubles it all, totaling  83,448,252 (Dutch link)'
Haiti 360....AMAZING!'
Dr. Norman Finkelstein: "Every single member of my family on both sides were exterminated...I consider nothing more dispicable then to use their suffering and their martyrdom to try to justify the torture, the brutalization, the demolition of homes that Israel daily commits against the Palestinians"'
We raised $100K for haiti without breaking a sweat. Wikileaks has shutdown due to lack of funds. Let's fix this."
Bloomberg: Maybe A Secret Banking Cabal Does Run The World After All  -- wait, WHAT?'
Islamic justice: 16-year-old girl lashed 101 times for conceiving after rape, while the rapist was pardoned'
Turkish girl buried alive by family in honour killing'
Blair acknowledged that Israel was part of the equation on invading Iraq, and that the Israeli government was being actively consulted in the planning for the war'
European Parliament has blocked agreement that allows US anti-terror officials to monitor Europeans' bank transactions"
Men's Olympic Luger Said to be Dead"
This is why we (the U.S.) can't have nice things."
Italian thugs upload youtube video showing them beating up an autistic kid. Youtube takes video down within hours. 4 google employees charged, 3 found guilty. WTF?!'
Gaddafi calls for jihad against Switzerland '
The silent rebellion begins: 2 women refuse full body scanning at Manchester and give up their flight to retain their right to privacy.'
Soldier throws back grenade'
The Catholic church and paedophilia: The pope should say plainly and loudly that sexual abuse of children is not just sinful. It is criminal'
Pope Benedict XVI  failed to defrock an American priest who molested hundreds of deaf boys, despite receiving letters from a number of American bishops pleading with him to act'
Fox News Ripping Content Straight from the Depths of Reddit'
Shouldn't we be more outraged about how we were lied to, and about how Wikileaks was almost silenced before they published this video?"
Kyrgyz Protests against high gas prices and overall government corruption, I'm in Bishkek now...just ran home to escape gun fire..."
Iceland's disruptive volcano - The Big Picture"
Flight traffic in Europe'
Belgium's lower house of parliament has voted for a law that would ban women from wearing the full Islamic face veil in public. No-one voted against it"
When the Soviets had leaking oil wells they couldn't seal, they nuked them"
Greeks Struggle with Sick-Man Status - They've emptied their bank accounts, abandoned vacations and started taking the bus. Now, they fear for their jobs: The Greeks bemoan the difficult crisis that has taken over their country. Above all, they feel humiliated by Germany."
How China and India Sabotaged the UN Climate Summit - Secret recordings obtained by SPIEGEL reveal how China and India prevented an agreement on tackling climate change at the crucial meeting. The powerless Europeans were forced to look on as the agreement failed.'
No wonder the Greeks are FURIOUS. You\'d be mad, too, if your "austerity" had to pay for the gambling losses of rich bank... Hey, wait a sec...'
BBC News - Gordon Brown 'stepping down as Labour leader'"
The British Home Office denies Iranian LGBT rights activist and documentarian Kiana Firouz's request for asylum. If deported, she faces 300 lashes and public hanging for unrepentant homosexuality. MAKE SOME NOISE."
Kabul rises again [pics]'
Elvis Costello and Santana cancel show in Israel supporting an academic and cultural boycott to protest its occupation of Palestinian territory'
Crackdown in Bangkok [pics]'
Five paintings by Picasso, Matisse and other great artists have been stolen from the Museum of Modern Art in Paris.'
Israel offered to sell nuclear warheads to the apartheid regime'
Kenyan Judges rule that Islamic Courts in Kenya \r\nare discriminatory, unconstitutional, and illegal.'
North Korea Severs All Ties with South Korea'
China "will not protect" whoever sank a South Korean warship'
While everyone gets caught up in the details of the IDF-Turkish flotilla incident, here's a good perspective on the bigger picture and strategic implications. Produced by Stratfor, a global intelligence company."
History repeating -- In 1947, a ship full of Jewish refugees tries to break Britain's blockade on Palestine. The Brits boarded and killed 3, wounding others. It was a PR disaster for Britain and paved the way for the founding of modern Israel."
After over two decades in Indian courts, the Bhopal disaster chemical executives have been found guilty'
Striking Infographic: Tallest Mountains to Deepest Trench (Gives good sense of Deepwater Horizon drilling depth)'
Red Cross says what no one dares: Gaza blockade is illegal'
Israel announces plan to demolish 22 Palestinian Arab homes in East Jerusalem.  Palestinian homeowners ask why their alternative proposal that doesn't require their homes being razed wasn't discussed."
Arrest of an alleged Mossad agent in Warsaw could adversely affect German-Israeli relations. Berlin Officials say the Mossad went too far in obtaining a German passport for alleged use in the murder of a Hamas official - especially as they apparently used a fake story of Nazi persecution to get it.'
First female Prime Minister of Australia'
A top German court has ruled that it is not a criminal offence to cut off the life support of a dying person if that person has given their consent. '
Blackwater in a secretive deal tried to arm and train Christian armies in Southern Sudan and receive half of its mineral wealth in violation of U.S sanctions.'
Iceland legalizes gay marriage, allowing the prime minister to finally marry her partner '
South Korea's parliament votes to legalize chemical castration as punishment for convicted child sex offenders"
UK government launches "Your Freedom" - seeks public's opinion on which laws should be repealed (Digital Economy Bill seems to have quite a few detractors already...)
   Sweden ends compulsory military service   
Argentina Senate approves same-sex marriage. First country in Latin America to grant same-sex marriages all the rights of heterosexual unions
Our biggest gadget makersincluding HP and Applemay get their raw ingredients from genocidal militias in Congo. A new movement has begun to trace rare metals to the conflict mines they come from, and it won its first major victory this week.
A Palestinian man has been convicted of rape after having consensual sex with an Israeli woman who believed he was Jewish because he introduced himself as "Daniel".
Catalonia bans bullfighting in landmark Spain vote
UN declares clean water a 'fundamental human right'
North Korea World Cup team shamed in six-hour grilling in front of 400 government officials, students and journalists. Coach punished for "betraying" Kim Jong-un. But they got off lightly apparently...
Hey reddit, just a reminder: as of this weekend, Iran has now imprisoned three hikers for a year to use as international political bargaining chips. It's unjust, and no one seems to care anymore. I don't really know how to help them, but here's their story.
A South African journalist who wrote an expose on the new chief of police has been arrested and is being held by the police even though a prosecutor has refused to press charges. Detention without trial!
Pentagon demands return of the 90,000 documents from Wikileaks.  Methinks the pentagon doesn't understand how the internet works.
"So, drug consumption is the responsibility of the person who consumes; of the family who is responsible for educating; and of the education system and the socioeconomic context. What we have to do is legalize the production, the sale and the distribution." - Former Mexican president Vicente Fox
Germany's super-rich have rejected an invitation by Bill Gates and Warren Buffett to join their 'Giving Pledge' to give away most of their fortune. The pledge has been criticized in Germany, with millionaires saying donations shouldn't replace duties that would be better carried out by the state.
Big surprise: Pope decides priests who protect pedophiles should keep their jobs.
Experts call for inquest into the death of David Kelly, the British scientist who was found dead after casting doubt on the government's claim that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction
NASA satellite view of the extent of the massive flooding in Pakistan (before vs. after)
Israel Places Order For 20 Joint Strike Fighters; U.S. Taxpayers Pick Up The Tab
Saudi Hospitals Asked to Maim Man as Punishment: A Saudi Arabian judge has asked several hospitals in the country whether they could damage a mans spinal cord as punishment
CEO of Scandinavian megabank: "Let banks crash" - Banks should not be treated differently than other firms
There's a traffic jam in China that's 60 miles long and has already been going on for 10 days. "It could last for weeks"
An Arab democracy, with a Muslim Prime Minister and a Christian President, allowed the building of a synagogue, squarely in the center of their Ground Zero in the heart and pride of downtown Beirut
Mexico fires 3,200 (9%) of it's federal police.
Two redditors are climbing Mt. Kilimanjaro for charity and will do your bidding at the peak. Don't squander this opportunity to let your upvotes do something awesome.
IMF fears 'social explosion'
"what you have is evidence about what real aggression is, which is the President of the United States is always insinuating that we reserve the right, at any moment, at any time, at our will, to go on to military attack on Iran, even if they dont attack us."
How the CIA ran a secret army of 3,000 assassins
Since 2003, over 200,000 people have died as a result of the Darfur conflict (source: United Nations)
This week, Germany will FINALLY finish paying reparation for World War One!
Less than 2% of websites on Scandinavia's child porn internet filter is actually child porn
Panama court overturns US tycoon's will to leave $50m to poor children - says it should go to his millionaire family instead
Hungarian sludge spill reaches Danube river (PICTURES)
33rd miner rescued!  Is anyone else absolutely astounded at how they've managed to pull off this entire operation?
WikiLeaks says Funding Has Been Blocked After Government Blacklisting: Founder Julian Assange hits out at decision by Moneybookers, which collects the whistleblowing website's donations
Here is a country with 5% unemployment, lowest income inequality, healthcare for all, has high life expectancy, low infant mortality, near top in numeracy and literacy, low on crime, incarceration, homicides, mental illness and drug abuse. In all these it beats both the US and China by a mile!
Crocodile on plane kills 19 passengers
WikiLeaks ready to drop a bombshell on Russia. But will Russians get to read about it?
No terror arrests in 100,000 police counter-terror searches.
"If you knowingly make false statements about your 
opponent in an election in the UK, you risk the 
election being ruled void after you win."
Don't know if you noticed already, but there is some heavy anti-nuclear protest going on in Germany this weekend. (50.000+ protesters)
Chinese Premier says "I believe freedom of speech is indispensable for any country" in interview; interview then censored by gov't in China
Cyber attack on Nobel peace prize website launched. Stay classy, China.
While you're getting groped by the TSA, here's a reminder of how it's done in Israel: High security, little bother
Major spy scandal as Norway, Denmark, Finland, Sweden and Iceland catch the U.S. watching their citizens
Tim Berners-Lee, creator of the world wide web, warns that we need to defend the web, or else it could break up into fragmented islands, led by Apple, Facebook and Google.
North Korea has fired several artillery shells across its western maritime border, prompting return fire from South Korea
"I didn't understand quite how bad things had become in this country until I saw armed cops being deployed against schoolchildren in the middle of Whitehall."
The hypocrisy of the media attack on Wikileaks - The traditional media has become so toothless it is reduced to attacking Wikileaks for doing its job properly.
Ecuador offers WikiLeak's founder Assange residency, no questions asked.
Razor 1911: Because of the recent efforts to close down wikileaks. We have decided to join up in the mass-mirroring of the site. For free journalism on a free internet.
Wikileaks: May I remind you that the same collective now being persecuted as a 'terrorist organisation recently received Amnesty International's New Media Award for reports on human rights abuses in Kenya.
WikiLeaks payment firm to sue Visa, MasterCard
The inhumane detention conditions of Bradley Manning - Glenn Greenwald - Salon.com
Richard Stallman: The actions against MasterCard and Amazon are not 'hacking'. People are just finding a way to protest in a digital space, the internet equivalent of a mass demonstration | guardian.co.uk
Visa, Mastercard and PayPal all enable donations to be made to US-registered groups funding illegal Israeli settlements in the West Bank in defiance of international law.
Al Jazeera has put out their Top 10 stories of 2010.  I think it's more deserving of our traffic and attention than Time's Bogus Person of the Year gag, not to mention all the other pointless polls people try to influence.  
Chinese villager with a history of speaking out against government abuse found dead due to a traffic accident. Except Chinese netizens suspect that he may have been held down by four men as he was run over by a truck.
Italy becomes the first country to ban plastic bags nationwide!
Egypt's Muslims attend Coptic Christmas mass, serving as "human shields"
Russia's Murrow moment - Leonid Parfyonov's stunning speech to Russian TV executives in November was ignored by Russian state television, but you can watch it on YouTube. His audience listened in deadpan shock as Parfyonov said out loud what everyone in Russia knows to be the truth.
Aussie here: Just want everyone to know that Brazil and Sri Lanka are suffering flooding too, and probably need more aid than we do. (120,000 homeless, hundreds dead)
Several thousand Israelis protested in Tel Aviv waving the Israeli flag and Palestinian ones: "We came to protest against the government's policies and the lack of democracy in our country"
The WikiLeaks disclosures are significant precisely because they expose govt deceit, wrongdoing and brutality, but the damage to innocent people has been deliberately and wildly exaggerated - fabricated - by the very people whose misconduct has been revealed.
Tunisia-like riots now breaking out in Egypt
Anonymous is getting around Egypt's Internet blackout by mass-faxing WikiLeaks cables to Cairo.
Another Egyptian police van runs over protesters but is overpowered and tipped over [video]
Breaking: Anti-Government Protests Spread to Iran.  Thousands march together today.
Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on charges of paying for sex with an underage girl and abuse of power.
Large quake strikes Christchurch, New Zealand
Is anyone listening to Gadaffi right now? He is batshit insane.
90% of Libya in Rebel Hands: Qaddafi is left only with Tripoli, about 1 million people, where the streets are ghostly and marauding security forces hotrod it through the streets, sometimes firing indiscriminately
Anonymous Open letter To The World [Time to make the world what it should be!]
These photos are fucking amazing - from the BBC's 'Human Planet' series.
Pink Floyd band member Roger Waters joins a campaign of Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions (BDS) against Israel.
Chinese dissident creates a Facebook account using a name without documentation to avoid arrest. Facebook bans him. Then Mark Zuckerberg creates a profile for his dog. 
Dalai Lama to retire, citing that the Tibetan people deserve a freely elected leader.
While my heart aches at what is happening in Japan, I feel that we have a responsibility to not let the world forget about what is happening in Libya. Help keep Libya on the homepage.
Germany's new boom: making money by making stuff; UK and US increasingly relied on the financial sector, Germany concentrated on manufacturing
A Japanese home adrift in the Pacific Ocean, photographed by U.S. Navy Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Dylan McCord. [PIC]
Canada's Government has for the first time in its history, been found in contempt of Parliament. 
"Details emerge on US ""kill team"" in Afghanistan- ""The boy did as he was told. He stood still.
The soldiers knelt down behind a mud-brick wall...As the grenade exploded [they] opened fire, shooting the boy repeatedly at close range with an M4 carbine and a machine gun."""
There are not many occasions where you could say an axe murdering rampage was justified, but this is one of them
Pro-Palestinian Jewish Activist Shot Dead in Jenin by Palestinian Terrorists
New 7.4 earthquake in Japan! Tsunami warning issued
"A human skull dated to about 2,684 years ago with an 'exceptionally preserved' human brain still inside of it was recently discovered in a waterlogged U.K. pit...The brain is the oldest known intact human brain from Europe and Asia...it's one of the best-preserved ancient brains in the world."
U.N. diplomat charged with investigating claims of torture is denied private meeting with WikiLeaks suspect Bradley Manning
A FINNISH EUROSCEPTIC party that opposed immigration, the Euro, and bailouts for struggling European countries has won a fifth of votes in the countrys general election.
Syrian Forces Open Fire On Demonstrators (NSFW)
Bin Laden is Dead
"British about to vote against ending of 2 party rule 
in referendum, after a NO campaign funded by 
bankers, hedge-fund managers and big business."
Last World War I combat vet dies in Australia...
The entertainment industries' copyright lobby supports an LEWP proposal to introduce Europe-wide firewall to censor and block illicit websites: The Pirate Bay team is rallying public support to defend the free Internet and end this threat
SEAL helmet cams recorded entire bin Laden raid - CBS Evening News - 
How one Japanese village defied the tsunami
Gadhafi's new weapon: Fill an inflatable boat with explosives, put mannequins in it, and send it out to sea in search of a humanitarian aid ship to destroy
Wikileaks releases the Pakistan Papers
Egypt sentences Police Officer to death for killing protesters 
Police officer will be charged with manslaughter over the death of Ian Tomlinson at the G20 protests
The elderly of Japan want to help their country one last time with the nuclear crisis
Global leaders - "Global war on drugs has failed"
MI6 attacks al-Qaeda in 'Operation Cupcake': British intelligence hacked into an al-Qaeda online magazine and replaced bomb-making instructions with a recipe for cupcakes
German cabinet approves a plan to shut down all its 17 nuclear power plants by 2022; eight reactors will be shut down immediately.
Anonymous Message to NATO
F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone says Bahrain Grand Prix will be cancelled after 11 F1 teams objected
More than 300 Tibetan monks have disappeared after being rounded up by Chinese security forces at a monastery for "re-education."
US, Canada, New Zealand, Sweden, and others at UN condemn "three strikes" Internet laws, say the laws violate human rights
A home-made heroin substitute is having a horrific effect on thousands of Russia's drug addicts
LEAKED: UK copyright lobby holds closed-door meetings with gov't to discuss national Web-censorship regime
Amsterdam fights for your right to smoke pot: The proposed ban on allowing foreigners to purchase cannabis will increase crime, Amsterdam officials say.
"Oil spill off China coast will hurt fishing industry, causing long-term environmental damage - Spill was kept hidden from public for weeks"
15-year-old boy tortured to death in Syrian prison for "failing to praise president"
US suspends Pakistan military aid, withholding $800m as diplomatic relations reach a standstill
Campaign to boycott Rupert Murdoch is gathering pace
Colombian army colonel admits his unit murdered 57 civilians, then dressed them in uniforms and claimed they were rebels killed in combat.
David Cameron's meetings with Rupert Murdoch's executives in a year exceed those with all other news organisations put together. Not a single figure from the BBC was granted an audience.
Rupert Murdoch's News International has been found by a parliamentary committee to have "deliberately" tried to block a Scotland Yard criminal investigation into phone hacking
Huge explosion in downtown Oslo
Firsthand account of Utya Massacre (crosspost from r/linux, of all places) 
Internet users "have a reasonable expectation of anonymity" that the courts must protect: ruling by a Canadian Superior Court judge
UK Bans Make-Up Advertisements for being Misleading
"Children in nuclear-hit Fukushima are to undergo 
regular cancer tests - for the rest of their lives."
Guardian: Let's Stop Assuming the Police are on Our Side - From mass arrests to surveillance, confidence in the Metropolitan police is at an all-time low
Murdoch's News International ordered tech firm to mass-deleted emails.
Israel agrees to negotiate over pre-'67 lines
Facebook facial recognition software violates privacy laws, says Germany - Social network must stop programme and delete data already collected on users  or face fines up to 300,000, says official
NHS among developed world's most efficient health systems, says study, the United States healthcare system was among the least efficient and effective.
This why they're rioting. An interview with Darcus Howe, a West Indian Writer, that the BBC will never play again. 
Indian police arrest 73 year old anti-corruption activist sparking peaceful demonstrations throughout the country
Need a warrant to unmask Internet users? Not if Canada gets its way
Japanese police say people have returned $78 million in missing cash after quake.  "The fact that a hefty 2.3 billion yen in cash has been returned to its owners shows the high level of ethical awareness in the Japanese people,"
In the ruins of Gadhafi's lair, rebels find album filled with photos of his 'darling' Condoleezza Rice
Al Jazeera English reporting evidence found in Libya of a former US Ambassador, and a currently serving congressman have been providing advice to Gadaffi on how to cling to power.
"Hackings Stunning Victim List - 
Scotland Yard has a list of 3,870 people whose phones were tapped. From the ""schoolboy killer"" to Prince William, the scandal's huge scope."
Turkish PM suspends all ties with Israel
The lifetime ban on blood donations by homosexual and bisexual men will be lifted in England, Scotland and Wales
Turkish Prime Minister: Turkish navy will escort any aid vessel to Gaza.
First projections see German Pirate Party at 8,5 % in Berlin state elections
Al Jazeera news director resigns after WikiLeaks disclosure reveals that the network edited its coverage of the Iraq war because of pressure by the US government
"Child rapist to get less time than pot grower (Canada) 
"
Japans ruling party proposed a 9.2 trillion yen ($120 billion) tax increase and selling the governments stake in Japan Tobacco Inc. to fund rebuilding from the March 11 earthquake and nuclear disaster.
Australian girl gets court to place her on airport watch list to stop her parents from forcing her into an arranged marriage in Lebanon.
"In praise of chaos:
Governments attempts to control the internet 
should be resisted"
Brutal eviction of Palestinian family in Jaffa caught on tape
"France forces TV ads to pipe down, new rules have been introduced as a response to complaints from viewers that TV ads are much louder than the programmes they are interrupting.
"
Arrest Bush when he visits B.C., Amnesty tells Ottawa  - The rights body says both Canadian and international law oblige Canada to detain Bush and investigate him for war crimes and torture.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff takes hard line on corruption, fires chief of staff and ministers: 'People are making it clear in the streets and elsewhere that long-tolerated sins such as bribery, graft and other acts of corruption are no longer tolerable.'
We now have an effective vaccine for Malaria
The bankers' blockade of WikiLeaks must end: Whether you support WikiLeaks or not, the blockade by Visa, Mastercard, Paypal and others is a sinister attack on free speech
UNESCO gives Palestinians full membership
"Israel to shift tax burden to the rich and corporations: Israel's protest movement celebrates its first tangible success.
"
"China to phase out incandescent lightbulbs:  Energy-inefficient lightbulbs will be phased out in five years in a bid to save energy and curb climate change
"
Italy's Berlusconi Agrees To Resign After Passing Austerity Bill
Scottish school removes concrete play area and replaces with "Urban Jungle" containing trees, hills, boulders and tunnels.  Over a 2 year period results in 80% fewer accidents! 
EU has banned the use of X-ray body scanners in European airports, parting ways with the US TSA which has deployed hundreds of the scanners as a way to screen millions of airline passengers for explosives hidden under clothing
Save the Internet: The US Congress is debating a law that would give them the power to censor the world's internet - creating a blacklist that could target YouTube, WikiLeaks and even groups like Avaaz!
Egypt - Pile of bodies spotted in Tahrir Square, surrounded by police.
Voice of Russia: The US and the West have long criticized China for stifling dissent and for censorship but now they are not only joining China but they are taking censorship even further and attempting to censor the whole world
James Murdoch resigns as director of Sun, Times and Sunday Times
"Two bankers that a week ago caused the collapse 
of two banks in Latvia and Lithuania are arrested 
today in London. Lithuania says their banks will be 
liquidated, the government should not waste 
taxpayers' money trying to help ""a plane that won't 
fly."""
Women held against her will on Scientology cruise ship for 12 years!
"A win-win on drugs? Fighting gangs by legalizing pot: Copenhagen voted overwhelmingly to remove its cannabis prohibition.  
"
A Russian Awakening? - Russia's once apolitical youth has taken to the streets of Moscow and launched the largest demonstrations since the collapse of the Soviet Union 
A South Korean coastguard was stabbed to death by a Chinese fisherman Monday in an operation to apprehend a Chinese vessel operating illegally near South Korean waters
Deadly blasts rock Belgian city
"For the first time on record, the Chinese Communist party has lost all control, with the population of 20,000 in this southern fishing village now in open revolt."  Wukan denizens clash with Chinese police and run all Party officials out of their town.
Christopher Hitchens dies at 62
North Korea Leader Kim-Jong Il has died
The Russian media has lost its fear of Putin. History tells us the end must be nigh.
BBC News - Why Irish soldiers who fought Hitler hide their medals
Mexican Drug War - Five Years Later (images)
US Threatened To Blacklist Spain For Not Implementing Site Blocking Law
Iran Is Now Gearing Up For Its 'Greatest Wargames Ever' In The Strait Of Hormuz
Due to pressure from ultra-Orthodox groups, women will be banned from speaking at an Israeli conference - on gynecology.
Scotland Yard Report Finds British Citizen Was Tortured in Secret CIA Site
Sir Richard Branson - Its time to end the failed war on drugs 
"Rick Falkvinge: Its Time To Go On The Offensive For Freedom Of Speech: ""the copyright industry gets insane amounts of money for doing absolutely nothing, and use that money to buy laws that give them even more money and restrict our freedoms of speech. That is repulsive.'
    "
Fidel Castro lambasted the Republican presidential race as the greatest competition of "idiocy and ignorance" the world has ever seen
Gates donates $750 million to fight AIDS, TB and malaria
Carlos Fuentes: legalise drugs to save Mexico - Telegraph
Sarkozy Confirms 'Robin Hood' Tax For France. 0,1% tax on financial transactions
Bulgarian ISPs Rise against ACTA (xpost r/evolutionreddit)
Passengers at airports across Australia will be forced to undergo full-body scans or be banned from flying under new laws to be introduced this week.
11 current Latin American leaders call for legal drug regulation as an alternative to the war on drugs. 
Bulgaria refuses to ratify ACTA
France to EU: Stop Monsanto's Corn
Report: London no safer for all its CCTV cameras
WHO Declares India Polio-Free!
Interpol arrests 25 suspected members of Anonymous hackers group
AntiSec dumps Monsanto data on the Web: "Your continued attack on the worlds food supply, as well as the health of those who eat it, has earned you our full attention. Your crimes against humanity are too many to name on one page."
Police are linked to blacklist of construction workers who were considered leftist or troublesome. The blacklist destroyed people's lives, broke up families, ensured that people were unable to earn a living. It devastated people year after year. 
Appeal Lost - UK ISPs will have to send warning letters to alleged illegal file downloaders, as well as potentially cutting users off
Chinese official proposes death penalty as deterrent to government corruption amounting to about $100,000 or greater. 
The "potato movement" is taking off across Greece: agricultural produce is being sold directly to consumers by their producers.
Russian Court declares books on Scientology to be "extremist literature" and bans them from sale.
Pirating UK Student to be Extradited to the US: 'Despite public outrage Home Secretary Theresa May approved the extradition order today. The 23-yr-old student has never visited US, but now faces several years in a US prison.'
James Cameron releases the first ever video footage of the bottom of the Mariana Trench - seven miles below the ocean's surface.
A secret unit within Rupert Murdoch's News Corp promoted a wave of high-tech piracy, crippling competition in the Australian Pay TV market, with direct ramifications in the US and Italy.
Drugs war 'a failure' that bred criminals
Draconian Privacy Invasion Bill Continues to Gain Support: 'The bill is touted as being much worse than SOPA when it comes to privacy invasions. CISPA also appears to include the infringement of intellectual property as a security threat warranting access to user data.'
Rupert Murdochs Sky News acknowledges hacking emails, says it was in public interest 
"So what did the troll actually say?" Why exactly is Liam Stacey in jail?
NZ police mysteriously lose video of Megaupload raid
Oxford University and the Vatican Library to digitize 1.5 million pages of ancient texts and images and make them freely available online
Picture of Afghan Girl screaming after suicide bombing wins Pulitzer Prize
"Cruise Ship Saw Them, But Didn't Help Drifting Boat, Passengers Say - 
After 28 days at sea, only 1 of the 3 men aboard an injured Panama fishing boat was still alive"
US to sanction authoritarian regimes that block internet access for protesters
UN adds Israel to the list list of states limiting human rights organizations
Tsunami motorcycle washes up in Canada, owner located in Japan. Now Harley Davidson wants to restore it for him.
Russian Military threatens to make pre-emptive strike on US missile shield facilities
Vogue bans skinny, underage models - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
"Worried about online porn? Don't regulate the net  regulate your kids.
"
2012 vs. 1984: Young adults really do have it harder today - The Globe and Mail
The amount of plastic trash in the "Great Pacific Garbage Patch" has increased 100-fold during the past 40 years, causing "profound" changes to the marine environment
A public schoolgirl who died from a brain hemorrhage at 13 has saved eight lives by donating her organs. 
Don Ritchie saved over 500 people from suicide. He lived near 'The Gap' an infamous ocean cliff where hundreds of people have gone to commit suicide. He was awarded the Medal of the Order of Australia and was named a Local Hero in 2011. He died peacefully today in his home at 85 years old.
In a landmark case in Finland, a court has ruled that an open WiFi owner is not liable for illegal file-sharing
A German man who alleges he was subjected to "extraordinary rendition" by the CIA has taken his case to the European Court of Human Rights.
Britain: 50 policemen raided seven addresses and arrested 6 people for making 'offensive' and 'anti-Semitic' remarks on Facebook 
Mexico's Drug War: 50,000 Dead in 6 Years
Tony Blair and George Bush's phone conversation a week before Iraq invasion 'must be released'
Indian state to let forest guards shoot poachers on sight: Maharashtra government says killing poachers will no longer be considered a crime after eight tiger deaths in the state this year.
Julian Assange wears Anonymous-style mask in rare public appearance
Dutch Parliament kills ACTA by unanimous vote, 'no similar agreement will be ever signed by the government'
France to cap executive pay at state firms: no more than 20 times the lowest pay.
Dutch company plans colony on Mars. The one way trip only takes seven months!
Eduard Khil ('Trololo Guy') dies in St. Petersburg, aged 77
Vatican Banker Running Scared - Ousted head of Vatican bank may have evidence that the organization is involved in money laundering&amp; now he's afraid for his life.
"Former British PM John Major testifies that Rupert 
Murdoch demanded his government change its 
policy on Europe or his papers would oppose him at 
the 1997 general election."
Indian drug giant Cipla cuts cost of cancer medicines in a humanitarian move, shaking up the drug market 
Julian Assange flees: Seeks asylum in Ecuadorian embassy in London
ACTA rejected by last committee, crucial blow before final EU Parliament vote: 'The Internet, in all its diversity, winning a global political battle against some of the most powerful industries and governments'
"Lonesome George" The last-of-it's-kind Galapagos Tortoise has died at 100.
In Mexico, it's taken as fact that the United States is backing the drug cartels...
Announcing The Declaration Of Internet Freedom: "A whole bunch of organizations and individuals are getting together today to launch the beginning of a process, the creation of an Internet Declaration of Freedom."
Banks across the world fixed interest rates in run-up to the financial crisis, says former Barclays chief executive Bob Diamond
Matt Taibbi:LIBOR Banking Scandal Deepens; Barclays Releases Damning Email, Implicates British Government
Nearly 25% of all adults in Botswana are infected with the HIV. But the response against the disease has been stunning with the government providing free, life-saving AIDS drugs to almost all of its citizens who need them.  
20,000 Leatherback turtle eggs crushed by heavy machinery on Trinidad beach - thestar.com
Melinda Gates challenges Vatican by vowing to improve contraception
WikiLeaks wins case against VISA 
Calls to destroy the Pyramids were a hoax, begun by a satirical twitter account, which western news outlets took as fact.
Lenovo CEO distributes his $3 Million USD Bonus to his 10,000 Employees 
Super rich hiding up to $32 trillion offshore, which amounts to roughly the US and Japanese GDP combined. Up to $280bn is lost in tax revenues. Some of the world's biggest banks are involved: HSBC, Citigroup, Bank of America, UBS, Credit Suisse
How the Norwegians Reacted to Terrorism: "The Norwegian response to violence is more democracy, more openness and greater political participation," said the prime minister. A year later it seems the prime minister has kept his word
 Germany Breaks 25% Renewable Energy Barrier - It produced 67.9 billion kWh renewable energy in 1st 1/2 of 2012, an increase of 19.5% from last year. The world's top market for power converted from solar radiation, its installed capacity accounts for over 1/3 of global total.
Power grids fail, leaving 600 million without power in India 
The American embassy in Norway forgot about their own practise bomb and called in the Norwegian bomb squad when they found it.
"Obama authorizes secret U.S. support for Syrian rebels
| Reuters"
Islamist sect found living underground near Russian city for nearly 10 years - many of the children had never seen daylight
QANTAS airline defends policy of moving any men sitting next to unaccompanied minors, to different seats.  Because every adult male is a potential child molester...
India announces plans for a Mars mission in 2013
14 year old girl too young to work as a counsellor at a camp for kids with cancer. Instead, she raised $90k by becoming the youngest person to swim across Lake Ontario.
Iran bans women from 70 university degree courses 
A week after losing his appeal for the right-to-die with assistance from a doctor, Tony Nicklinson, who was paralysed from the neck down and described his life as a "living nightmare", dies after refusing food for a week.
Tomorrow, a 100 year old mysterious package, its content unknown, will be opened in a museum in Norway. A true time capsule is revealed.
Australian State to try and Ban cigarettes to anyone born after 2000
University of the People, a tuition-free online university aimed at poor students around the globe who would otherwise not have access to higher education.
Some 270 South African miners arrested during protests will be charged with the murder of their 34 colleagues shot by police
"A virus that eats cancer, Cheap to 
produce, the virus is exquisitely 
precise, with only mild, flu-like side-
effects in humans is just sitting in a 
refrigerator in a Swedish laboratory. "
Caribbean coral reefs face collapse.  Only 8% showing live coral cover.
France Says No to Genetically Modified Crops, No to Fracking: the ban specifically targets Monsanto's MON810 maize, as it is the only GMO currently allowed in Europe
Egypt's mufti urges Muslims to endure insults peacefully. Muslims angered by cartoons mocking the Prophet Mohammad should follow his example of enduring insults without retaliating, Egypt's highest Islamic legal official said on Thursday
After 11 years in Guantanamo, a man who was never charged with any crime, and was recommended twice for release has been found dead.
"Hillary to World Leaders: Time for the Rich to Pony Up Their Taxes: You know Im out of American politics, but it is a fact that around the world, the elites of every country are making money. There are rich people everywhere. And yet they do not contribute to the growth of their own countries.""
"""
New comet discovered predicted to blaze brighter than the full moon next year
Iran news agency picks up "Onion" story, tells Iranians rural Americans prefer Ahmadinejad to Obama
Mafia Runs 90% of Illegal Tropics Logging - Illegal logging is driving the lion's share of deforestation in the world's rain forests, &amp; organized crime is to blame for almost all of it. That's the grim conclusion of a new U.N. report.
"
How the banking crash sparked a credit union boom: People are turning away from casino finance and towards a more democratic system that isn't just about money-making
"
14-year-old Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai has been shot; she had been on a Taliban 'hit list' since March after giving her diary to the BBC in the wake of women being forbidden an education in her town
Scotland will hold a vote in 2014 on independence in what could result in the eventual breakup of Britain
A group of 23 impoverished west African fishing communities has driven off a fleet of illegal, unreported &amp; unregulated "pirate" trawlers by filming &amp; reporting them when they are found in their waters.  9 of the 10 ships identified  were found to have licences to export catches to Europe.
8,000-yr-old carvings in stone destroyed in Moroccos High Atlas Mountains by Salafists, Muslims who strictly prohibit idolatry - The carvings depicted the sun as a divinity. One of the carvings, called the plaque of the sun, predates the arrival of the Phoenicians in Morocco. 
 Shot Pakistani schoolgirl can stand, communicate 
A 28-year-old Tunisian who was caught on security camera stealing from a man who had fallen onto the tracks on the Stockholm subway and then leaving him to be hit by a train was sentenced to prison, deportation
Greedy U.S. billionaire urges Michigan voters to reject free bridge to Canada
Incoming Dutch government ditches 'weed pass' plan that would have been available only to residents and that would have effectively banned tourists from Amsterdam's marijuana cafes
The home front: Man builds 60ft-long World War I trench in his back garden - and then invites history buffs round for re-enactment
"Poll: Israel viewed negatively around the world,  BBC survey measures public opinion on 22 countries, places Israel in company of North Korea, ahead of only Iran, Pakistan.
"
 Ancient Buddhist city of Mes Aynak will be destroyed,  turned into an open pit copper mine
Arm raised in a Nazi-style salute, the leader of Greece's fastest-rising political party surveyed hundreds of young men in black T-shirts as they exploded into cheers. Their battle cry reverberated through the night: Blood! Honour! Golden Dawn! 
With more than 50,000 supporters, The uprising of women in the Arab world" facebook group is being blocked by Facebook, over a picture of a woman not wearing a veil.
UN says access to contraception a human right
"
Savita Halappanavar's medically unnecessary death: In the worst way possible, a woman refused a life-saving abortion in Ireland has proved 'pro-life' advocates wrong"
Israel air force drops leaflets across Gaza City warning residents to evacuate homes "immediately"
Having survived two assassination attempts, Mexican mayor beaten to death
China's party paper falls for Onion joke about Kim Jong Un
Internet Hangs in Balance as World Governments Meet in Secret
Medicinal cannabis to be legalised in Ireland next year
Julian Assange to form Wikileaks Party, run for Australian Senate
The Real North Korea Problem - While the world fears its missiles 250,000 innocents, one-third of them children, are being forced to do slave labor on starvation rations and are daily subjected to heinous torture and executions
Internet remains unregulated after UN treaty blocked
S Korea has it's first woman president.
Syria dropping cluster bombs on civilians 
Swaziland Bans Women From Wearing "Rape-Provoking" Mini-Skirts, Midriff-Revealing Tops &amp; Low-Rise Jeans.  Offenders face 6-mos in  jail.  "The act of the rapist is made easy, because it'd be easy to remove half-cloth worn by women."  Those wearing such clothing are responsible for assaults or rapes.
Mexico Bishop Inspires, Infuriates by Telling 1,000s Gathered in Stadium That Politicians are Tied to Organized Crime, Lawmakers' Attempts to Curb Money Laundering are Intentionally Weak, &amp; New Labor Reforms are a Way to Enslave Mexican Workers
Putin Says He Will Sign Bill Banning Americans From Adopting Russian Children
A 17-year-old Indian girl who was gang-raped killed herself after police pressured her to drop the case and marry one of her attackers, police and a relative said on Thursday.
Australian PM says abolishing compulsory voting would make democracy the plaything of cashed up interest groups.
Mother Jailed For Murdering Seven-Year-Old Son, for failing to learn Koran
Poachers killed a family of 11 elephants in the biggest single mass shooting of the animals on record in Kenya.
Insecticide 'unacceptable' danger to bees, report finds -- Campaigners say the conclusion by the European Food Safety Authority is a 'death knell' for neonicotinoid pesticides
Mali rebels fleeing Timbuktu burn library full of ancient manuscripts
France to deport radical Muslim clerics
Syrian state TV has confirmed that Israeli warplanes bombed a military research centre northwest of the capital, Damascus.
The remains of Richard III, one of the most famous figures in English history, has been found.
Dad must pay child support for 3 kids that aren't his: Court rules | Canada 
Pope Pope Benedict XVI 'to resign'. The Pope is to resign at the end of this month in an entirely unexpected development, reports from the Vatican say.
The European Union and the US will begin formal talks on a free-trade agreement, paving the way for the biggest trade deal in history. 
Totally drug-resistant TB uncovered, outbreak would be untreatable
"
You have the right to Google for a lawyer in Canada: 'After a 19-yr old struggled to find a lawyer using the telephone, an Alberta court has ruled that police must provide an accused with Internet access to exercise their right to counsel.'
"
Germans couldn't see many of the Russian meteor videos last week because a radio was playing music in the background. The German version of the MIAA wanted a penny per view.
Norwegian prison where inmates are treated like people has the lowest reoffending rate in Europe
'Marijuana cannon' used to fire drugs over US border seized in Mexico
VW shares $1.1b in profits with workers "'Profit sharing is hard earned and deserved; it is the equitable participation of employees in the success"
American defense contractor Lockheed Martin says it has "found a way to slash the amount of energy needed to remove salt from seawater," which has the potential to eliminate the world's shortage of fresh water in the future
Swiss Acupuncturist Arrested For Intentionally Infecting 16 People With HIV 
Armenia is the first country in the world to make chess mandatory in schools, aiming to build a better society
Portugal: 12 Years After Decriminalizing Drugs
Cyprus President's Family Transferred Tens Of Millions To London Days Before Deposit Confiscations
North Korea via Instagram
U.N. calls for closure of Guantanamo prison: "We must be clear about this: the United States is in clear breach not just of its own commitments but also of international laws and standards that it is obliged to uphold"
France passes gay marriage bill. The legislation not only legalizes same-sex marriage but allows same-sex couples to adopt children.
Saudi Arabian billionaire Prince AlWaleed bin Talal, a nephew of King Abdullah, has thrown his support behind allowing Saudi women to drive, saying it makes economic sense
New Zealand Marriage Equality Bill passes in to law
Afghan women commit suicide to escape marriage: "The suicide rate is rising particularly in towns because women are fighting against forced marriages there."
Canadian Muslim groups take hard stance against terror plotters; "You have nothing to do with our faith"
Last rhinos in Mozambique killed by poachers
Canadian teacher's career ruined by cyber-stalker ex-girlfriend even after she was placed in jail and ordered to pay him damages. Not many schools want to hire a teacher who is accused of being a pedophile.
North Korea asks China to hire idled workers from closed Kaesong industrial complex, China declines
Poacher Trampled to Death by the Elephant He was Trying to Shoot
Pope Francis has denounced the global financial system, blasting the "cult of money" that he says is tyrannizing the poor and turning humans into expendable consumer goods: "Money has to serve, not to rule!"
Police raid school teacher for uploading $4.00 history book to his website that offers free educational resources for students
North Korea's hidden labor camps exposed: A new UN panel is vowing to hold North Korea's Kim regime to 'full accountability' for decades of mass crime and murder. Will Pyongyang face ICC indictment?
Pope Francis says atheists can be good "Atheists should be seen as good people if they do good, Pope Francis has said in his latest urging that people of all religions, and none, work together."
New poll says Assange could win Australian Senate seat
Kim Dotcom Wins Case to Get Seized Material Back...
Turkish protesters raise $55,000 for full-page ad in New York Times | World news
Turkish police started arresting people for tweeting and facebooking about the protests (local news from CNN Turk needs translation)
Edward Snowden: the whistleblower behind revelations of NSA surveillance
NSA surveillance: The US is behaving like China "Both governments think they are doing what is best for the state and people. But, as I know, such abuse of power can ruin lives" By Ai Weiwei
In Unanimous Vote, Russia Passes Bill Making It Illegal To Tell Kids Gay People Exist
Almost unnoticed, the UN is about to fight its first war. 3,000 Soldiers from South Africa, Tanzania and Malawi wearing UN insignia will take on the irregulars who sow mayhem in Congos east.
An open letter from the Turkish TV Network , to be closed down tomorrow because it broadcasted Protest coverage
Canada bill that bans wearing masks during an unlawful assembly or riot carries a maximum 10-year prison sentence, scheduled to become law today
Silvio Berlusconi sentenced to seven years in jail
Vatican rent-a-boy prostituion ring revealed by priest
Statement from Edward Snowden in Moscow
The Pirate Bay founder is raising money for spy-proof messaging app
Media Continues to Focus on Snowden Rather Than the Information He's Revealed
A former CIA station chief has been arrested in Panama, and faces extradition to Italy where he has already been sentenced to 9 years in prison for his involvement in the extraordinary rendition of a terror suspect.
Technologically illiterate MP who masterminded UK porn blocker get hacked, threatens reporter for writing about it
Saudi prince defects from Royal family  This regime in Saudi Arabia does not stand by Gods rules or even established rules and its policies, decisions, and actions are totally based on personal will of its leaders.
Nepal sees tiger population go up by 63% since 2009
Snowden's father says FBI asked him to fly to Moscow to persuade son to return home to US
Feds are Suspects in New Malware That Attacks Tor Anonymity
German minister proposes banning US companies that participate in US spying activities from doing business in the EU
Stephen Fry writes an open letter to Cameron about the Olympics and the treatment of the LGBT community in Russia
Man who created own credit card sues bank for not sticking to terms
Greek youth unemployment hits record 65%
Every Important Person In Bitcoin Just Got Subpoenaed By New York's Financial Regulator
The Brazilians were right: After protests against rising the prices of public transportation, was discovered that in Sao Paulo, Siemens and the government were stealing $200 million in a scheme. Now they're occupying the city council, for the imprisonment of those involved and a refund.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury: Christians in Britain and the US who claim that they are persecuted should "grow up" and not exaggerate what amounts to feeling "mildly uncomfortable"
Glenn Greenwald's partner detained at Heathrow airport for nine hours, under controversial Terrorism Act 2000. He was denied access to a lawyer, and had his possessions confiscated.
Guardian Editor: U.K. 'Security Experts' Entered Offices And Destroyed Hard Drives - "You've had your debate. There's no need to write any more."
British PM David Cameron told a member of his cabinet to warn the Guardian newspaper of serious consequences of publishing Snowden material
Exclusive: CIA Files Prove America Helped Saddam as He Gassed Iran
Hans Blix: Whether Obama in Syria or Bush in Iraq, The US Is Not the World Police
David Cameron loses Syria vote in Commons
New documentary shows how televangelist Pat Robertson defrauded millions in aid donations to fund a diamond mining venture in the Congo
Vladamir Putin's Op-Ed in the New York Times on America and Syria
Pope Francis says Catholic Church too obsessed with abortion, gay marriage and contraception.
Mother given jail sentence for sending her son, named Jihad, to school wearing a T shirt with the words 'I am a bom and 'Born on 9/11' on it. She said it was a "joke".
618 Rhinos killed already in South Africa this year. In 2007 only 13 were poached.
You CANNOT masturbate publicly in Sweden. The earlier reports were just a mistake in translation.
Eddie Izzard declares he will stand for London mayor in 2020
The Curiosity Rover just found water on Mars
John McAfee reveals details on gadget to thwart NSA. And if the U.S. government bans its sale, "I'll sell it in England, Japan, the Third World. This is coming and cannot be stopped."
South Korean carmaker Hyundai Motor will defer payments due from US federal employees impacted by the partial government shutdown.
New evidence reveals FBI demands companies secretly turn over crypto keys, allowing them to simultaneously wiretap all customers worldwide, and threatens to jail them if they violate the gag order
Police in Turkey now allowed to detain "potential protesters" without a court order, based merely on their looks, in what an opposition member calls "beyond fascism"
Higgs boson scientists win Nobel prize
Somali Pirate Warlord lured to Brussels Airport, Belgium, under pretext he was signing a movie deal about his life. He came. Got arrested. (English, translations available)
German filmmaker imprisoned for exposing dire Qatar World Cup worker conditions
70 million phone calls in France recorded in one month by NSA, new report claims. French government demands immediate explanation to "shocking" revelations
First 3D printers arrive to Haiti, quickly put to use making umbilical cord clamps and other hard-to-obtain medical gear
Reduce working week to 30 hours, say economists
London's cheapest suburb is Barcelona. City worker causes a stir by proving it's cheaper to live in Spain and fly in to work in London every morning.
NSA infiltrates links to Yahoo, Google data centers worldwide, Snowden documents say "The NSA has secretly broken into the main communications links that connect Yahoo and Google data centers around the world, according to documents obtained from former NSA contractor Snowden.."
China discovers that pollution makes it really hard to spy on people - 20 million surveillance cameras are now useless
Exclusive: Swiss study says Polonium found in Arafat's bones. Scientists find at least 18 times the normal levels of radioactive element in late Palestinian leader's remains
An eight-year-old girl in China is the youngest living person to be diagnosed with lung cancer attributed to pollution.
Amsterdam pays alcoholics in beer to clean streets. The imaginative approach to the problem of anti-social behaviour demonstrates typical Dutch pragmatism which could be found shocking in other countries, but not here.
LG Smart TVs logging USB filenames and viewing info to LG servers
Swedish prisoner escapes.. to go to the dentist. Returns to prison afterwards.
The War on Democracy: How corporations and spy agencies use "security" to defend profiteering and crush activism
Police kill someone in Iceland.. for the first time ever.
Bangladeshi garment workers, lowest paid in the world at $0.21/hour, torch 10-story factory at Gazipur + 15 full garment trucks. No human casualties, $100 million losses to the owners.
NSA tracking cellphone locations worldwide, Snowden documents show
Bill Clinton says security does not justify espionage
Confirmed outbreak of Bubonic Plague in Madagascar, at least 20 dead so far.
New Zealand citizen stripped of phone, tablet, laptop and hard drive at New Zealand customs after returning from a talk in London about Edward Snowden's released documents.
UN declares that the right to privacy, including online privacy, is a human right
Edward Snowden did the world a favour by revealing the scale of surveillance by governments, according to the inventor of the internet. Sir Tim Berners-Lee said he believed Snowden had "done us all a favour".
Japan's population falls 'by record 244,000' in 2013
Sea Shepherd locates Japanese whale poachers inside New Zealand's sovereign waters with 3 protected Minke whales dead on their deck.
'Golden age' of antibiotics 'set to end': We cannot say we weren't warned. The growing threat of antibiotic resistant organisms is once again in the spotlight. Prof Jeremy Farrar, the new head of Britain's biggest medical research charity The Wellcome Trust said it was a 'truly global issue'".
All armed police officers in England will have to wear cameras on duty
The people behind the GSM standard: We were pressured to weaken the mobile security in the 80's
A broad coalition of well-known organizations (Reddit, the Electronic Freedom Foundation, Free Press, Mozilla and others) announced today that it will stage an online protest against wide-ranging government surveillance of Internet users on 11 February, in memory of activist Aaron Swartz.
Pope Francis sacks all but one of the cardinals who run the Vatican bank, less than a year after Pope Benedict XVI appointed them
Ukraine's Capital is literally revolting (Livestream)
Dear subscriber, you are registered as a participant in a mass disturbance. a text message that thousands of Ukrainian protesters spontaneously received on their cell phones today, as a new law prohibiting public demonstrations went into effect.
Netflix warns it will provoke customer protest if ISPs violate net neutrality principles
Snowden: "I think a person should be able to dial a number, make a purchase, send an SMS, write an e-mail, or visit a Web site without having to think about what it's going to look like on their permanent record."
HSBC is paying $2 billion, or 5 weeks' worth of its profit, to avoid criminal charges in drug cartel laundering case
"You're sending the wrong signal to billions of people living in undemocratic states"- Angela Merkel attacks US and UK spying tactics.
Footage released of Guardian editors destroying Snowden hard drives: GCHQ technicians watched as journalists took angle grinders and drills to computers after weeks of tense negotiations
Saudi Arabia put into effect a sweeping new counterterrorism law Sunday that human rights activists say allows the kingdom to prosecute as a terrorist anyone who demands reform, exposes corruption or otherwise engages in dissent.
The Catholic Church must remove all child sexual abusers from their posts and turn them over to the police, the UN says.
Australian Politician Clive Palmer's nickel refinery pumped toxic waste into Great Barrier Reef park - Company discharged toxic wastewater into world heritage area despite being forbidden from doing so
Glenn Greenwald: Top-secret documents from the National Security Agency and its British counterpart reveal for the first time how the governments of the United States and the United Kingdom targeted WikiLeaks and other activist groups with tactics ranging from covert surveillance to prosecution.
Left-wing Mexican senators on Tuesday presented an initiative to Legalize Medical Marijuana, saying a new approach was needed to speed up drug liberalization and help end a cycle of cartel violence that has killed tens of thousands
Ukrainian Skier Pulls Out of Olympics To Join Protestors In Kiev
Russia Says It Will Keep Out of Ukrainian Affairs
At least 10,000 people bearing Russian flags marched freely through Moscow on Sunday in a pro-invasion rally, while dozens of people demonstrating on Red Square against an invasion of Ukraine were quickly detained by Russian riot police.
Venezuela: In 17 days of protest: 18 dead, 261 wounded, 1044 arrests and 888 precautionary measures
Russian troops fire at Ukraine military post
Swedish reporter shot dead in Afghanistan
220,000 troops, 1,800 tanks, 400 helicopters on Ukraine border as Russia launches exercise of 4000 elite paratroopers and 36 planes.
Australia: Coalition Lies to UN in Order to Strip Tasmanian Forest of Heritage Listing so it Can be Developed - Photos show 90% of the 74,000 hectares the govt claims is degraded are ecologically pristine forests
A draft European law requiring all phones sold in the EU to be compatible with a common charger was approved by the European Parliament yesterday.
More Than 900 Workers Have Already Died Building Qatars World Cup Facilities | The International Trade Union Confederation says that if conditions dont improve, at least 4,000 migrants will die before kick-off
Pirate Bay Founder Peter Sunde Gets Ready to Run for European Parliament
Egypt court sentences 529 to death
Brazil passes Internet governance Bill: Brazil has made history with the approval of a post-Snowden Bill which sets out principles, rights and guarantees for Internet users.
Turkey bans YouTube
European Parliament passes strong net neutrality law, along with major roaming reforms
NASA detects ocean inside Saturn Moon, potential home for extraterrestrial microbes
India losing 70% voice and call centre business to Philippines
Australia rules homeopathic remedies useless
China Finds Nearly 2,000 Firms in Breach of Anti-pollution Rules - Ministry trying to improve enforcement by using real-time monitoring that'll give govt regulators direct access to data. To invest 40 billion yuan ($6.45 billion) to boost monitoring capacity.
Putin admits Russian forces were deployed to Crimea.
British people by 2:1 ratio say it was good for society, not bad, that newspapers reported the materials given to them by Edward Snowden
FCC Abandons Net Neutrality
China to jail eaters of rare wild animals
France agrees workers can give days off to colleagues with sick children: France has passed a law allowing workers to give some of their days off to a colleague with a seriously ill child. The idea came from the case of a man whose colleagues donated 170 days while his son was battling cancer.
Billionaire dies and leaves $3.3 billion to charity
Putin outlaws denial of Nazi crimes -Russian President Vladimir Putin signed a law on Monday making the denial of Nazi crimes and distortion of the Soviet Union's role in the World War Two a criminal offence punishable by up to five years in jail.
British Government to release 1.2 million illegally held documents to the public - some over 200 years old
Alberta government is planning to sell off crucial caribou habitat to the energy industry just days after a federal scientific panel said the herds were in immediate danger of vanishing completely
Thailand's army has declared martial law.
Judge questions why only the boy is charged in underage sex case
Satirist Bassem Youssef (the "Jon Stewart" of Egypt) ends TV show: "The present climate in Egypt is not suitable for a political satire program...Im tired of struggling and fearing for my personal and my familys safety and that of the people around me."
Canadian "Cyberbullying" law would let government "remotely hack into computers, mobile devices, or cars"
Australian government grabs $360 million from idle household bank accounts that have been dormant for just three years, prompting outrage in some quarters amid complaints that pensioners and retirees have lost deposits.
Al-Jazeera journalists sentenced to seven years in prison in Egypt
Neurotoxic pesticides blamed for the world's bee collapse are also harming butterflies, worms, fish and birds, and the evidence was "sufficient to trigger regulatory action".
U.S. Scientist Offers $10,000 to Anyone Who Can Disprove Manmade Climate Change.
Blackwaters top manager issued a threat: that he could kill the governments chief investigator and no one could or would do anything about it as we were in Iraq, according to U.S. State Department reports
BBC staff ordered to stop giving equal air time to climate deniers: The network will stop airing "debates" featuring members of the anti-science fringe
Elephant Cries After He Is Rescued Following 50 Years Of Abuse
Chinese hackers hacked into the computer networks of the United States government agency that houses the personal information of all federal employees in March
German footballer Mesut Ozil donated his 300,000 World Cup victory bonus to pay for surgery of 23 children in Brazil
Netherlands opens war crimes investigation into MH17 airliner downing
North Korea requests that the Chinese Government take down doctored video of Kim Jong Un "Dancing", China unable to oblige
The Obama administration has quietly approved a substantial expansion of the terrorist watchlist system, authorizing a secret process that requires neither concrete facts nor irrefutable evidence to designate an American or foreigner as a terrorist
A U.S. cyclist who pedaled across 50-plus countries for peace and charity was run over and killed in Russia by a drunken truck driver
Japanese steel workers reveal that they saved their city from a nuclear bombing by burning coal tar to block view of US planes; story was kept secret for 69 years out of respect for Nagasaki victims, who were bombed instead
Malaria vaccine discovered
Sierra Leone declares emergency as Ebola death toll hits 729
The Swedish government announced that it plans to remove all mentions of race from Swedish legislation, saying that race is a social construct which should not be encouraged in law.
Obama signs bill giving Israel $225 million for missile defense system
Campaign Mounts to Declassify 9/11 Reports References to Alleged Saudi Involvement
Norway joins the sanctions against Russia
It could be the most exotic material on the planet. Seven particles of dust brought back to Earth by a spacecraft nearly a decade ago appear to have come from beyond our solar system. The specks have all the hallmarks of being created in interstellar space.
The president of Indonesia, the worlds most populous Muslim-majority country, deemed the actions of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria group embarrassing to the religion and called upon Muslim leaders to unite in tackling extremism
NASA confirms that their rocket to Mars will have first launch in 2018
Captured IS Suicide Bomber in Peshmerga hands "When he is treated and well, he will go to prison and rot there for the rest of his life. He will be denied martyrdom. The Kurds want the foreign fighters to know that." - Sky News
Russia warns NATO not to offer membership to Ukraine
A Chinese boy has made the discovery of lifetime by stumbling across a 3,000-year-old bronze sword in a river in Jiangsu Province. Archaeologists have dated the 26cm (10in) weapon to either the Shang or Zhou dynasties - the dawn of Chinese civilisation - based on its material, size and shape.
New Report: World Leaders Call For Ending Criminalization of Drug Use and Possession and Responsible Legal Regulation of Psychoactive Substances
France ready to join USA in airstrikes against ISIS
Germany officially makes helping Islamic State (IS) a crime
Kids as young as 13 have left Germany to join ISIS
Liberia to become 1st nation in Africa to completely stop cutting down its trees in return for development aid - Norway will pay the impoverished country $150m to stop deforestation by 2020.
Terror laws clear Senate, enabling entire Australian web to be monitored and whistleblowers to be jailed
Vatican Paedophilia Scandal: Archbishop Jozef Wesolowski Stored Over 100,000 Child Porn Videos
Iraq Kurds attack ISIS jihadists, retake villages
An estimated 35,000 pacific walrus have been spotted ashore on a beach in north-west Alaska. Unlike seals, the mammals cannot swim indefinitely and are now coming ashore in record numbers as they struggle to find sea ice for resting in the Artic.
Germany Just Abolished College Tuition Fees | ThinkProgress
Mexico hit by student massacre: At least 17 anti-corruption protesters 'rounded up, murdered and dumped in a mass grave' - and another 26 are missing.
Scientists discover cancer-fighting berry on tree that only grows in Far North Queensland: "in 75 per cent of cases, the tumour disappeared and had not come back"
Estonia becomes first ex-Soviet country to legalize same-sex partnerships
4 ISIS militants were poisoned after drinking tea offered to them by a local resident.
Tony Abbott says "coal is good for humanity" while opening mine - "Coal is vital for the future energy needs of the world, so lets have no demonization of coal"
Doctors Without Borders loses 9 medics to Ebola
The UN says the ebola outbreak must be controlled within 60 days or else the world faces an "unprecedented" situation for which there is no plan. The United Nations made the stark warning as it warned the disease "is running faster than us and it is winning the race".
Wind blows away fossil power in the Nordics, the Baltics next. The arrival of wind power on a large scale has pushed electricity prices down, eroding profitability of fossil power stations.
Shots fired at Parliament in Canada
For 23rd time, U.N. nations urge end to U.S. embargo on Cuba
Chancellor Angela Merkel would rather see the UK exit from the European Union than compromise over the principle of free movement of workers
Russian combat troops have entered Ukraine along with tanks, artillery and air defence systems, Nato commander says
Sweden has proof foreign sub entered its waters: report
2 new subatomic particles discovered at CERN
Scientists urge governments to turn old TV frequencies into free super WiFi
Kim Dotcom walks Free After three days of hearings in Auckland
NASA officially announces Manned Mars Mission, test launch will begin tomorrow testing orbiter.
Mass surveillance exposed by Snowden not justified by fight against terrorism - Report by Nils Muinieks, commissioner for human rights at the Council of Europe, says secret, massive and indiscriminate intelligence work is contrary to rule of law
Hackers tell Sony to halt the release of "The Interview"
UK: Porn protest to shock with mass face-sitting and fake sex
Canada just made it legal for police to search your cellphone without a warrant upon arrest.
Lindt Chocolat Cafe hostage drama in Martin Place, Sydney
Pakistani Army school under siege by terrorists. over 35 injured and many dead. Over 500 students held hostages
Solar Power Storage Prices Drop 25% In Germany In &lt;1 Year
China businessman jailed for 13 years for buying and eating three tigers
AirAsia flight found at the bottom of the Java Sea
Moscow-&gt;Beijing high speed train will reduce trip time to 48 hours, from the current 7 days
US oil falls below $50 a barrel
Muslim politician from India who offered $8M to Charlie Hebdo attackers has been booked for inciting violence.
World's largest indoor farm in Japan is 100 times more productive than outdoor fields, uses 99% less water, 40% less power and creates 80% less food waste
China has just banned the burqa in its biggest Muslim city
Cameroon Army Kills 143 Boko Haram Fighters
Saudi man sentenced 10 years jail and weekly public canings for 5 months. He is guilty of setting up a public online forum for debate and discussion.
Kurds Not Invited to Anti-ISIS Conference in London, Despite Leading the War against the Terrorist Organization
Greece's new finance minister Yanis Varoufakis is Valve's former Steam Market economist
Key Hepatitis C Patent Rejected In India, Clearing Way For Generic Treatment Costing A Thousand Times Less Than US Price
A rare megamouth shark just washed up in the Philippines. zoologist estimated its only the 60th confirmed human encounter with one.
Supreme Court of Canada strikes down ban on doctor-assisted suicide
Huge Explosion at Chemical Plant in Ukraine
Obama sends Congress draft war authorization that says Islamic State 'poses grave threat'
Malawi bans child marriage, lifts minimum age to 18
Lenovo Caught Installing Adware On New Computers
The family of the codebreaker Alan Turing will visit Downing Street on Monday to demand the government pardons 49,000 other men persecuted like him for their homosexuality.
The HSBC bank is accused of systematic involvement in tax evasion and money laundering to the tune of more than 100 billion euros.
France wants imams to learn secular values as part of new anti-radicalisation push: the French government will push imams to take university-level civics classes.
American jailed in United Arab Emirates for Facebook posts made in the USA
UK should begin decriminalising drugs, say Richard Branson and Nick Clegg
Lockheed Martin Claims Sustainable Fusion Is Within Its Grasp
The White House on Monday sharply rebuked nearly four dozen Republican senators who sent a letter to Iranian leaders just as nuclear negotiations reach a pivotal moment, characterizing the correspondence as an illegitimate interference in President Obamas foreign policy.
Pope Francis has called for greater transparency in politics and said elections should be free from backers who fund campaigns in order to prevent policy being influenced by wealthy sponsors.
German anti-vaccer wagers  100,000 to anyone proving the existance of the measles virus. Researcher sends him articles proving the virus' existance and takes him to court where he's ordered to pay the full amount.
Irish no-frills airline Ryanair confirmed its board has approved plans to start flying low-cost transatlantic routes starting from $14 in the next five years.
New Alzheimers treatment fully restores memory function - Australian researchers have come up with a non-invasive ultrasound technology that clears the brain of neurotoxic amyloid plaques
U.K. Government rejects immunity for public officials who blow whistle on child sex abuse
Airliner crashes in French Alps
There was no tape draped across a finish line, but NASA is celebrating a win. The agency's Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity completed its first Red Planet marathon Tuesday -- 26.219 miles (42.195 kilometers) - with a finish time of roughly 11 years and two months.
Germanwings Pilot Was Locked Out of Cockpit Before Crash in France
Facebook 'tracks all visitors, breaching EU law' - People without Facebook accounts, logged out users, and EU users who have explicitly opted out of tracking are all being tracked, report says
Indian Army team heads for Mt.Everest to bring down 4,000kg of trash left by climbers.
Russian fighter's confession that he killed 15 Ukrainian prisoners of war may be considered evidence of war crimes
IKEA Will Produce &amp; Ship 10,000 Flat-Pack Emergency Shelters Around the World
Japan overtakes China as top holder of US Treasury Debt
France wants to fight terrorism by spying on everyone - Prime minister says proposed surveillance law 'is not a French Patriot Act,' but civil liberties groups say it goes too far
Astronomers have discovered what they say is the largest known structure in the universe: an incredibly big hole. The supervoid, as it is known, is a spherical blob 1.8 billion light years across that is distinguished by its unusual emptiness.
At least 3,218 people are now known to have died in a massive earthquake which hit Nepal on Saturday
"We've Just Rescued Over 200 Girls In A Daring Attack On Boko Haram Hideout In Sambisa"- Nigerian Army
Four month old baby pulled alive from Nepal rubble 22 hours after parents lost him during earthquake
Qatar detained German reporters investigating FIFA World Cup | Journalists from Germanys biggest television networks were reportedly detained, questioned and not allowed to leave Qatar for days while working on a story about FIFA President &amp; Dohas vexed nomination for the 2022 football World Cup.
U.S. government has authorized commercial ferry service to Cuba
Pope Francis said Monday that "many powerful people don't want peace because they live off war". "Some powerful people make their living with the production of arms. It's the industry of death".
Earthquake strikes again - felt in India and Nepal. 7.1 magnitude on richter scale.
Japan struck by 6.7 magnitude earthquake. After shocks expected.
Banks fined $5.7bn over foreign exchange rigging - live updates | Regulators are announcing penalties against some of the worlds biggest banks for their role in manipulating the foreign exchange markets.
France to force big supermarkets to give away unsold food to charity
Wikipedia edits from inside Parliament removing scandals from MPs' pages, investigation finds.
Nike becomes suspected player in alleged $150 million FIFA bribery scandal
Video footage showing trucks belonging to Turkey's intelligence service carrying weapons en route to Jihadists in Syria were published Friday in a Turkish daily.The trucks were carrying a total of 1000 mortar shells, 80000 rounds of ammunition for heavy weapons and hundreds of grenade launchers
Fifa corruption: Qatar says investigations are racist, anti-Arab and show 'ugly face' of countries who lost 2022 World Cup bid
US Official: Over 10,000 ISIS fighters killed in nine months but they have all been replaced.
Navy halts live fire explosive exercises off Vancouver Island after being alerted to a pod of Orcas, including 3 calves, in vicinity; praised for being responsive
For the first time in Mexican history, a state will be governed by an independent candidate, without any party support.
British 'world-record sniper' says he can still see and smell the people he killed in his nightmares - Sgt Craig Harrison holds the longest confirmed sniper kill but developed post-traumatic stress disorder after his deployment in the Balkans
Newly-surfaced video footage corroborates widespread assertions that the Turkish government's intelligence agency has been ensuring ISIL terrorists safe passage into Syria
Just minutes ago, a North Korean soldier walked across the border within the DMZ to defect to South Korea
Germany agreed Thursday to turn more than 60 former military bases into nature preserves, with the aim of creating vast new green oases and sanctuaries for rare species of birds
Alberta passes bill banning corporate and union donations to political parties
South Korea says it will send aid to North Korea during its worst drought in a century under one condition -- just ask for it
'Blind agreement' and closed-door deals: Report slams TPP negotiations
Saudi prince to give away $32bn. He said he had been inspired by the Gates Foundation, set up by Bill and Melinda Gates in 1997. The money would be used to "foster cultural understanding", "empower women", and "provide vital disaster relief", among other things, he said.
Official: Greeks say NO to austerity measures
Teen Guilty Of Hacking PlayStation Network. A teenager who helped to ruin Christmas for millions of children by shutting down the PlayStation and Xbox networks has been convicted of 50,700 offences.
EU law that could make UK internet porn filters illegal is heading for a vote
Saudi royals illegally close off French public beach
George Clooney seeks to expose those who fund and profit from wars in Africa: The Oscar winner has launched a project with US human rights activist John Prendergast to investigate the flow of money in and out of conflict zones
Leaked emails between Italian spyware vendor Hacking Team and Boeing subsidiary Insitu revealed that drones carrying malware to infect targeted computers via Wi-Fi by flying over their proximity is close to becoming a reality.
Dolphins are struggling to reproduce because of industrial chemical pollution in European waters that can linger in the animals' bodies for a lifetime
NASA discovers another Earth like planet in the Milky Way galaxy - Planet Kepler-452b, the first near-Earth-size world to be found in the habitable zone of star that is similar to our sun.
Musk, Wozniak and Hawking urge ban on AI and autonomous weapons: Over 1,000 high-profile artificial intelligence experts and leading researchers have signed an open letter warning of a military artificial intelligence arms race and calling for a ban on offensive autonomous weapons.
Rio's waters are so filthy that 2016 Olympians risk becoming violently ill and unable to compete
The Canadian government has announced it intends to ban microbeads used in personal care products, after a scientific review found that the tiny particles pose a potential risk to the environment.
'Ultimate Frisbee' recognised by International Olympic Committee
Iraq is rushing to digitize its national library under the threat of ISIS
China says TPP should be transparent, open
iTunes is illegal under UK copyright law - The Intellectual Property Office today explains that ripping a CD in iTunes is no longer permitted, and neither is backing up your computer if it contains copyrighted content.
Brazilian radio host famous for exposing corruption in his city murdered while broadcasting live on the air by two gunmen.
Google to reorganize into new company called Alphabet
India sues Nestle for nearly $100m because lead shouldn't be in noodles.
Afghan military interpreter who served with British forces in Afghanistan and was denied refuge in Britain has been executed
Paris shooting survivor suing French media for giving away his location while he hid from shooters
ISIS beheads 81-year-old pioneer archaeologist and foremost scholar on ancient Syria. Held captive for 1 month, he refused to tell ISIS the location of the treasures of Palmyra unto death.
Kim Jong Un orders North Korea military to prepare for war (from Friday at 5 PM)
Twitter has forced 30 websites that archive politician's deleted tweets to shut down, removing an effective tool to keep politicians honest
The first UN privacy chief has said the world needs a Geneva convention style law for the internet to safeguard data and combat the threat of massive clandestine digital surveillance.
Canada will not sign a Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal that would allow Japanese vehicles into North America with fewer parts manufactured here, says Ed Fast, the federal minister of international trade.
Mysterious Wooden Idol Found in Russia is 11,000 years old, The Shigir Idol is twice as old as the Pyramids and Stonehenge - and is by far the oldest wooden structure in the world. Covered in a code no one can decipher.
Canada officially in recession
Jordan has a population of 6 million, but have taken in 1.5 million refugees. All with little protest or mass global coverage.
Sometimes, 7-8 men raped us in one daywe thought we were going to die, says woman rescued from Saudi diplomats home in India
Malcom Turnbull becomes Prime Minister of Australia after Tony Abbott rejected by Liberal party
Efficiency up, turnover down: Sweden experiments with six-hour working day | World news | The Guardian
Brazil's Supreme Court has banned corporate contributions to political campaigns and parties
Another drug Cycloserine sees a 2000% price jump overnight as patent sold to pharmaceutical company. The ensuing backlash caused the companies to reverse their deal. Expert says If it weren't for all of the negative publicity the original 2,000 per cent price hike would still stand.
Pharmaceuticals CEO who raised HIV drug price by 5,000% 'also hiked cost of pill taken by children with incurable kidney disease'
Canadian mining company Barrick Gold leaks a million liters of cyanide into river in Argentina
NASA announces discovery of flowing water in Mars
France threatens to walk away from TTIP negotiations saying a "total lack of transparency" in TTIP talks poses a "democratic problem".
CIA torture survivors sue psychologists who designed infamous program
Palm oil company caught destroying primary forest in endangered ecosystem
Canadians elect Liberal majority. Ending Stephen Harpers 9 year rule.
Europe Already Beat Its 2020 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Target
College applications in UK to become anonymous "to prevent unconscious bias against candidates from minority groups"
Exxon Knew about Climate Change Almost 40 Years Ago - A new investigation shows the oil company understood the science before it became a public issue and spent millions to promote misinformation.
By 285 votes to 281, MEPs decide to call on EU member states to "drop any criminal charges against Edward Snowden"
Isis shuts down all women's clinics, threatens male gynaecologists with death
NASA set to announce another big finding on Mars this Thursday.
Full text of the TPP has just been released.
Catalan parliament votes to secede from Spain by 2017
What the Internet hates about the TPP trade deal: After years of warning that the secretive TPP would be devastating for Internet freedom, intellectual property experts have finally gotten to look at the final draft of the proposed treaty. And they say its as bad as they feared
UK becomes only G7 country to increase fossil fuel subsidies - Tory government is giving billions in ever increasing handouts to oil and gas majors at the same time as cutting support for clean energy, report reveals
Brazil Seeks To Copy U.S. Gun Culture "to allow embattled citizens the right to defend themselves from criminals"
Paris attacks ringleader dead - French officials
Russia Bans Scientology
Saudi Arabia just promised to sue anyone who compares their justice system to Isis
Air pollution reached hazardous levels in Beijing on Sunday, prompting the city to upgrade to the second-highest alert for the first time in 13 months on the same day that the Chinese government said it has met pollution-reduction targets for the year
Quebec Judge issues $1 fine for possessing 30 cannabis plants, calls marijuana laws obsolete
UK Parliament Vote in Favor of Airstrikes in Syria
Beijing has issued its first ever Red Alert over smog, and the city is going into complete shutdown
Resistance to last-resort antibiotic has now spread across globe
Saudi Arabia accused of trying to wreck Paris climate deal - One of the worlds largest oil producers is getting in the way of a deal and making implausible objections, say delegates and campaigners
France will not ban Wi-Fi or Tor, prime minister says: "Internet is a freedom, is an extraordinary means of communication between people, it is a benefit to the economy," Valls added
Martin Schkreli - Turing CEO who increased the price of Aids drug by 5000% - has been arrested
Models must have doctor's note to prove they are not too thin, France rules
Brazil declares emergency after 2,400 babies are born with brain damage, possibly due to mosquito-borne virus "This is an unprecedented situation, unprecedented in world scientific research," Brazil's health ministry said in a statement on its website
Germany recruits 8,500 teachers to teach German to 196,000 child refugees
Tech companies face criminal charges if they notify users of UK government spying
Microsoft Corp said on Wednesday it will begin warning users of its Outlook.com email service when the company suspects that a government has been trying to hack into their accounts.
Saudi Arabia breaks off ties with Iran - Amid row over Saudi execution of Shia cleric
China shuts down stock market after 15 min 7% loss.
Reports of sexual assaults on women across European cities, including Cologne, Hamburg, Zrich, Salzburg, Helsinki during NYE festivities
El Chapo' Being Taken to Same Prison He Escaped from Six Months Ago
Explosions heard in Indonesian capital - in Jakarta, with reports of casualties.
China to participate in UN sanctions against N.Korea
The solar system appears to have a new ninth planet. Today, two scientists announced evidence that a body nearly the size of Neptunebut as yet unseenorbits the sun every 15,000 years.
Sri Lanka destroys huge illegal ivory haul - Govt publicly destroys biggest ever illegal ivory haul in bid to show poachers it will not tolerate the violent trade. Sri Lanka also becomes worlds 1st country to apologize for complicity in the illegal killing of elephants.
The ISIS encrypted messaging app, widely reported in the media as a tool for plotting terrorist attacks, does not exist
Canada moving ahead with plans to ditch first-past-the-post electoral system. "FPTP suited for fledgling democracies, mature democracies can do better," says minister in charge of reform.
TPP "fundamentally flawed", should be resisted - Human Rights Expert
Denmarks justice minister admitted on Friday that the US sent a rendition flight to Copenhagen Airport that was meant to capture whistleblower Edward Snowden and return him to the United States
North Korea satellite 'tumbling in orbit,' U.S. official says: The satellite North Korea fired into space on Sunday is "tumbling in orbit" and incapable of functioning in any useful way
Australia introduces "Netflix tax" legislation to parliament. With hopes of placing a tax on all foreign digital goods.
British ISIS fighter who called himself 'Superman' but returned to the UK because Syria was too cold is jailed for seven years
Gravitational waves from black holes detected
Obama Going to Cuba; First Visit by U.S. President in 88 Years
Britain will vote on whether to remain in the EU on the 23rd of June
Fuel has gotten so cheap that ships are now choosing to take the long way around Africa rather then pay the fees to transit the Suez Canal.
Saudi man gets 10 years, 2,000 lashes over atheist tweets
China just announced one of the largest single layoffs in history. 1.8 Million people will lose their job.
Russia has warned North Korea that threats to deliver preventive nuclear strikes could create a legal basis for the use of military force against the country
The robots sent into Fukushima have "died". As soon as they get close to the reactors, the radiation destroys their wiring and renders them useless,
The International Criminal Court Recognises Rape as a War Crime
Japan's whaling fleet returns from Antarctic with 333 minke whales including pregnant females
Amnesty Int. has accused Qatar of using forced labor at World Cup stadium. Amnesty says workers are forced to live in squalid conditions, pay huge recruitment fees, have wages and passports withheld. It accuses Fifa of "failing almost completely" to stop the tournament "built on human rights abuses"
2.6 terabyte leak of Panamanian shell company data reveals "how a global industry led by major banks, legal firms, and asset management companies secretly manages the estates of politicians, Fifa officials, fraudsters and drug smugglers, celebrities and professional athletes."
China announces sanctions on North Korea
David Cameron personally intervened to prevent tax crackdown on offshore trusts
Fifty four large investors managing 1 trillion pounds ($1.41 trillion) in assets have launched a campaign to curb the use of antibiotics in the meat and poultry.
A witness to the disappearance of 43 Mexican students in 2014 has told investigators that federal and municipal police were present when the youths were forced from their bus, according to the countrys national human rights commission.
Declassified memo shows multiple Saudi connections to 9/11 plotters: flight certificate of Al Qaeda operative found in envelope from the Saudi Embassy in DC
Missing Mexican Students Suffered a Night of Terror, Investigators Say: An international panel has provided details of the night in 2014 when Mexican police and gunmen abducted 43 students who have not been seen since.
Airstrike destroys Doctors Without Borders hospital in Aleppo, killing staff and patients
VW and Shell try to block EU push for electric cars
France will press its G7 partners this month to launch an "irreversible" process to control the prices of new medicines, part of a global drive to make life-saving drugs more affordable
Wildfire destroying Fort McMurray, most of city evacuated
Tax havens have no justification, say top economists, calling for their abolition | More than 300 economists are urging world leaders at a London summit this week to recognise that there is no economic benefit to tax havens, demanding that the veil of secrecy that surrounds them be lifted.
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key thrown out of Parliament for disobeying the Speaker during an exchange about the Panama Papers, which have revealed links between Mossack Fonseca and New Zealand's secretive foreign trust industry
Declassified documents detail 9/11 commission's inquiry into Saudi Arabia, Chilling story of the Saudi diplomat who, many on the commissions staff believed, had been a ringleader of a Saudi government spy network inside the US that gave support to at least two of the 9/11 hijackers
After almost 18 years of circling Earth, the International Space Station completed its 100,000th orbit on Monday.
Scientists Find A Weak Spot In HIV That May Pave the Way to a Vaccine
EgyptAir Flight MS804 disappears from radar during Paris-Cairo flight
'It keeps happening,' rape survivor says: Protests against American military presence in Japan continued on Saturday, as the countrys defense minister lodged a formal complaint over the latest case of alleged murder and rape of a young Japanese woman by a US military base employee
Greek news sites are reporting that Aristotle's tomb was found.
Every reference to the Great Barrier Reef removed from UN report on impact of climate change after intervention from Australian government.
A seven-year-old boy who went missing in bear-inhabited forests in northern Japan after his parents said they abandoned him as punishment, has been found alive, according to local reports.
Vandals Destroy 8,000-Yr-Old Aboriginal Artworks in Tasmania - The priceless rock art is damaged beyond repair
U.N. Chief Admits He Removed Saudi Arabia From Child-Killer List Due to Extortion
A Dutch woman who alleged she was raped after being drugged in an upscale nightclub in Doha was convicted of having sex out of wedlock by a Qatari court on Monday and given a one-year suspended sentence.
Gay Chinese man sues mental hospital for trying to cure him with drugs and beatings
ISIS Twitter accounts have been hijacked with gay porn
MP Jo Cox dead after shooting attack
German government agrees to ban fracking indefinitely
David Cameron to Resign as PM After EU Referendum
Barclays and RBS shares suspended from trading after tanking more than 8%
