Why wont America and Nato help us? If they wont help us now, why did we help them in Iraq?
Bush puts foot down on Georgian conflict
Jewish Georgian minister: Thanks to Israeli training, were fending off Russia 
Georgian army flees in disarray as Russians advance - Gori abandoned to Russia without a shot fired
Olympic opening ceremony fireworks faked
What were the Mossad with fraudulent New Zealand Passports doing in Iraq?
Russia angered by Israeli military sale to Georgia
An American citizen living in S.Ossetia blames U.S. and Georgian leaders for the genocide of innocent people
Welcome To World War IV! Now In High Definition!
Georgias move, a mistake of monumental proportions 
Russia presses deeper into Georgia; U.S. says regime change is goal
Abhinav Bindra wins first ever Individual Olympic Gold Medal for India
 U.S. ship heads for Arctic to define territory
Drivers in a Jerusalem taxi station threaten to quit rather than work for their new boss - an Ara
The French Team is Stunned by Phelps and the 4x100m Relay Team
Israel and the US behind the Georgian aggression?
Do not believe TV, neither Russian nor Georgian. There are much more victims
Riots are still going on in Montreal (Canada) because police murdered a boy on Saturday.
China to overtake US as largest manufacturer
War in South Ossetia [PICS]
Israeli Physicians Group Condemns State Torture
 Russia has just beaten the United States over the head with Peak Oil
Perhaps *the* question about the Georgia - Russia conflict 
Russia is so much better at war
So this is what its come to: trading sex for food.
All the experts admit that we should legalise drugs 
War in South Osetia - 89 pictures made by a Russian soldier.
Swedish wrestler Ara Abrahamian throws away medal in Olympic hissy fit 
Russia exaggerated the death toll in South Ossetia. Now only 44 were originally killed compared to 2,000.
Missile That Killed 9 Inside Pakistan May Have Been Launched by the CIA
Rushdie Condemns Random Houses Refusal to Publish Novel for Fear of Muslim Retaliation
Poland and US agree to missle defense deal. Interesting timing!
Will the Russians conquer Tblisi? Bet on it, no seriously you can BET on it
Russia exaggerating South Ossetian death toll, says human rights group
 Musharraf expected to resign rather than face impeachment
Moscow Made Plans Months Ago to Invade Georgia
Why Russias response to Georgia was right
Nigeria has handed over the potentially oil-rich Bakassi peninsula to Cameroon.
The US and Poland have agreed a preliminary deal on plans for the controversial US defence shield
Russia apparently is sabotaging infrastructure to cripple the already battered Georgian military.
Bank analyst forecast Georgian crisis 2 days early
Georgia confict could set back Russias US relations for years | World news | guardian.co.uk
War in the Caucasus is as much the product of an American imperial drive as local conflicts.
Non-media photos of South Ossetia/Georgia conflict.
Georgian TV reporter shot by Russian sniper during live broadcast [video]
Saudi Arabia: Mother moves to block child marriage
Taliban wages war on humanitarian aid workers
Russia: World  can forget about Georgia\s territorial integrity
Darfur rebels accuse Sudan of mounting major attack
Philippines : Peace Advocate say Muslims need assurance Christians not out to convert them
Mom of missing gay man: Too bad hes not a 21-year-old cheerleader, then theyd still be looking for him
Russia: U.S. Poland Missile Deal Wont Go Unpunished
The government has been accused of creating laws that have a chilling effect on freedom of expression in the UK in a critical report from the UNs committee on human rights
The Italian government has lashed out at an influential Catholic magazine which suggested fascism might be resurfacing within the government.
Gorbachev: Georgia started conflict in S. Ossetia
China fakes more than your girlfriend; Ethnic minority children at Olympics ceremony were fake too!
The UNs criticism of freedom of expression in the UK are valid
Russian general threatens nuclear strike on Poland as Bush demands Moscow withdraws from Georgia
Russia can inspect Polish missile defence site
Russia-Georgia Conflict Fueled by Rush to Control Caspian Energy Resources
Business Week: Victory in Georgia gives Russia the edge in the struggle over access to the Caspians 35 billion barrels of oil and trillions of cubic feet of gas
Under Soviet rule we didnt believe a word of our own propaganda... But we have learnt... that the West has its own propaganda and... is more powerful because people believe it.
Ministers have been accused of building a national DNA database by stealth by retaining profiles of nearly 40,000 children never convicted of a crime.
Russia: Georgia can forget regaining provinces
Russians Seize US Weapons Depot in Georgia
Why are redditors generally supportive of Russias invasion of Georgia, but critical of Americas in Iraq?
Johann Hari: We need to stop being such cowards about Islam
US officials have said that their military presence in Georgia will now become permanent
Israel clears troops who killed Reuters cameraman
Unenforceable laws encourage cops to escalate their tactics -- until tragedy occurs
What Chinese pollution really looks like
Hacker Kidnaps and Tortures Informant, Posts Picture as a Warning to Others
Bush Tells Putin: This Aggression Will Not Stand
Georgia is all about the oil pipelines
Rivals say they plan to remove Georgian president
Two elderly Chinese women have been sentenced to a year of re-education through labor after they sought a permit to demonstrate in an official Olympic protest area.
The Power of Islam: The Human Rights Council at the United Nations has now banned any criticism regarding Sharia Law and human rights in the Islamic World
We had 55 times more military soldiers in the first Gulf War than contractors. In the current Iraq war, the ratios 1:1.
I live here on less than a dollar a month -- Obama\s brother, Kenya shanty town 
Russia sends aircraft carrier to Syria.
The American people should be eternally grateful to Old Europe for having spiked the Bush-McCain plan to bring Georgia into NATO.
Abkhazia officially appeals to Russia for independence
Russia warns of response beyond diplomacy against US missile shield
India Sets Aside 40% of Regional Wasteland for Jatropha Biodiesel Production
Elderly Chinese Women Sentenced to Labor Re-education After Applying for Permission to Protest at the Olympics
Plane skids off runway in Madrid
Taliban mount ferocious assaults on allied targets
150 Feared Dead In Spanair Plane Crash In Madrid 
Was Western Intelligence involved in terrorist attacks in India? A westerners computer Internet connection was used to send terror e-mail minutes before Ahmedabad blasts. 
Spanish Freedom of Speech Dies an Ignoble Death so that Spanish Parasites Will Not be Offended. 
Grote Markt [PIC]
Russia has informed Norway that it plans to cut all military ties with NATO
What Are the Aims of this War?: French Opposition Demands Rethink of Afghanistan Mission
Bush Covered up Musharraf Ties with Al Qaeda
Mikhail Gorbachev: Russia Never Wanted a War
Germans urge tougher laws after new privacy scandal 
The Time of the Wimps: Dialogue with Russia Is the Only Choice
1998 Missile Strikes on Bin Laden May Have Backfired
For a moment lets forget everything else and pay homage to these unsung heroes
The First Solar Radio Station in Argentina
British resident held in Guantanamo Bay wins legal battle to force Foreign Office to reveal torture evidence
Chinese may have killed 140 Tibetans this week: Dalai Lama
U.S. Navy Ships Head to Georgia
Hacker uncovers Chinese olympic fraud
If youve ever wondered what Kim Jong Il was like in grade school, here you go. Yes, he was quite ronery. Also, ordered his former teachers whole family killed.
Russias Nuclear Threat Is More Than Words
Czech President: I must protest aloud against the incorrect interpretation of the situation in the Caucasus.
50% Of All Food Produced Is Wasted Before It Gets Used
China sentences Alive in Baghdad blogger, GRLs James Powderly &amp; 4 other citizen journalists to 10 days in jail for covering Tibet protests during the Olympics
Go ahead and let Georgia declare war between NATO and Russia. Now, any half-wit small-country leader gets to audition for the role of Archduke Ferdinand
Cafferty: Georgia Started War with Russia [vid]
Kazakhstan is considering diverting its oil exports away from the BTC pipeline that runs through Georgia, and using Russia instead. The reason?
Russia threatens sale of offensive weapons to Israels enemies
Belfast Police Confiscate Boardgame In Terrorist Crackdown
Worlds Oldest Man Dies At The Age Of 138
Russia condemns US missile deal
NATOs decision to freeze relations with Moscow and Washingtons inept handling of Pakistan are strategic foreign policy mistakes.
Sweet Sixteen or Fraudulent Fourteen,  Hackers unearth more underage gymnast allegations 
If Russias feeling churlish, they can pretty much bring to a grinding halt any kind of coercive actions
Chinese Gymnasts 14, Official Document Shows
Suicide attack kills at least 50 at Pakistan arms factory
The Abkhazian Parliament has approved an official appeal to Russia to recognise its independence
Georgia, Bulgaria and the Second Balkan War | afoe | A Fistful of Euros | European Opinion
Terrorist reveals Paks sinister designs on India
International Olympic Committee launches probe into He Kexins age
Syria says its ready to put a Russian missile system on its soil as a counterweight to U.S. plans to deploy a missile shield in Poland and the Czech Republic
Superclass- new book - over the past several decades a global elite has emerged whose connections to each other have become more significant than their ties to their home nations and governments.
Georgia did not believe Russia would respond to its offensive in South Ossetia and was completely unprepared for the counter-attack, the deputy defence minister has admitted.
Ossetian leader admits conducting ethnic cleansing
Report: Push for Iraq War Preceded Intelligence FIndings
Russia Capitalizes on Bushs New World Disorder
Americans including James Powerderly arrested at Olympics as China Clamp Downs on Pro-Tibetan Groups--
Prohibited Places FOIA request refused by UK Ministry of Justice on the grounds of cost / time
An acute water shortage in the West Bank has become so severe that most families are too poor to buy water
Australian Privacy Awareness Week
British Government Stole a Entire Island and Gave it to the U.S. 
Son of leading Iraqi Sunni politician charged with planting a bomb in a house belonging to a Shiite family
How educational is a Chinese re-education camp? Not very.
peacekeeping troops with armoured cars and helicopters would remain inside Georgia for the foreseeable future
Its Something About Denmark: Why Danes Are the Worlds Happiest People
The Chinese Women Gymnasts May Lose Their Gold Medals
 U.S.-led coalition kills 76 Afghan civilians
China to Overtake UK on Renewable Energy Production
Pakistans Ruling Party Nominates Slain Bhuttos Husband for President
Three men held in terror probe linked to threats to kill Gordon Brown
 The U.S. hands over military secrets  to Moscow
Fire Marshal Handcuffs Woman for Swearing
UK economy comes to a standstill 
26 year old boy discovered The Meaning of Life
Olympics Medal time line 1896 at 2008  
North Korea halts denuclearisation after US fails to remove them from list of states sponsoring terrorism.
60 Children Among Dead in US Airstrike in Afghanistan
The Russian Parliament has voted overwhelmingly to officially recognize the independence of Abkhazia and South Ossetia
Violent animal rights activists set fire to scientist home - very little protection available for scientists
NBC censored that Olympic champion, Matthew Mitcham, is gay
UN says convincing evidence shows US airstrike in Afghanistan killed 90 people, including 60 children
Italy tries to outlaw Islam
Mystery virus kills 160
Israeli group Peace Now says settlement construction in the occupied West Bank has nearly doubled since last year
Revealed: Britains secret propaganda war against al-Qaida
 Israel settlement surge draws Rice criticism
Solar Powered, Carbon Neutral Pyramid to House 1 Million People in Dubai
Russia claims Proof of Genocide
How NATO transformed from a military alliance into a quasi-United Nations
Cartwheeling Banned in School
Philly-area activists released by China; Jeff said he was slapped around and threatend, with them saying, Do you want your head cut off or do you want to be shot?
Vatican describes Hindu attack on Christian orphanage as a sin against God
Protesters tell tales of Beijing detention- sleep deprivation, threats oh my
Python kills zookeeper
Kelly was Murdered Says UK Intelligence Insider
Fury as image of Myra Hindley appears in Best of British film at 2012 Olympics party
 North Korea to suspend nuclear disablement
Germans suspect Bayer pesticide in beehive collapse
Research on terrorism is invaluable - but we do it under fear of arrest
Top US diplomat escapes gun attack in Pakistan
Photos of a 15-year-old Iraqi suicide bomber who gave herself up  
London Olympics: Tacky 2012 handover show attacked by British bloggers
Fascist close to taking over Thailand. They want to replace the democracy with a system that would be dominated by appointees from the bureaucracy and the military. 
Iraq says U.S. sought troop presence to 2015
Indian state erupts in violence after Hindu shot
A majority of Russians back the Putin-Medvedev government and are excited about the return of Russia as a superpower. 
US doves bring to Georgia Tomahawk Land Attack Missiles
Russia cruiser to test weapons in crowded Black Sea
N. Korea Angered By US Non-Commitment of Promise, Flashes Its Plutonium Capability Trump Card.
One mans China crusade
World Bank: One-Third of Worlds Poor in India (42% of Indias population live Below Poverty Line ($1.25/day); 75.65% live on less than $2/day..which is more than Sub-Saharan Africa) 
The Free Gaza Movement forced the Israeli government to issue a fundamental policy change regarding their military and economic blockade of Gaza.
U.S. soldiers say they executed Iraqis on riverbank
BBC denies interference in al-Qaida coverage
Three drug hitmen die in attack on Mexican army  - when hitman are going after the army, theres a problem...
Must We Help Georgia?
BBC:West condemns Russia over Georgia ,  WEST == U.S. OF A. ??
Archaeologists unearth 1,300-year-old mummy in Peruvian capital
Ossetian leader accuses US of genocide
Egypt urges end to Israel threats
7.0 Quake strikes Russias Siberian region
Backgrounder: Basic facts about Abkhazia
Sudan hijackers free passengers in Libya
Black Sea Fleet ships start tracking NATO guests
UK makes Atlantic sea bed claim
Military help for Georgia is a declaration of war, says Moscow
Western Media Mislead Public on Georgia-Russia Conflict [VIDEO]
Conservative foreign affairs magazine: the US should cooperate with Iran on energy to balance Russian influence
 Dalai Lama admitted to hospital
British journalism student gang-raped by asylum seekers in Calais squatter camp they call The Jungle
Russia: Military help for Georgia is a declaration of war
Airline removes life vests to lower weight -- save on fuel
In Defiance of the US, Israel Pushes Ahead with Settlement Expansion
Test of Russian New Long Range TOPOL Missile That Evades Defensive Anti-missile Defense Systems Successfully Done
Russia wins backing from China and Central Asia over Georgia
Babys life saved by e-mail
Diplomat: Russia plans to raise navy presence in Syria
Embarrasing Public Rift in US State Department Sparks International Furor
Russia: Texan may have been helping Georgia
Germany : Man Arrested for Kidnapping Daughter to Stop Marriage to Non-Muslim
Relief agencies criticize US military humanitarians
The History Channel For Adults 
Poor struggle as rat meat prices soar
Iran condemned for surge of youth hangings
The Economist is now publishing anti-Russia propaganda.
British paedophiles can opt for chemical castration.
Two headed baby dies in Bangladesh after developing breathnig complications
Pentagon OKs Missile Sale to Taiwan
Poti: the hottest place in the new cold war 
Disabled Russian Journalist Jailed for Beating Cops
Poland Legalization of Marijuana - two majour steps in the right direction
Whats REALLY happening between Russia and the U.S.
As Brazil begins to tap its immense oil reserves, it is bucking the tradition of giving all the profits to the upper-class.
Surveillance in a Box: Siemens has developed software to pool and sort data from telephone calls, email and internet activity, bank transactions and insurance records. 
US confronts Russia as Cheney flags deep interest in ex-Soviet zones
Spanish judge seeks information on civil war dead
US gives $1bn to rebuild Georgia
Oil prices likely to drop below $100 due to falling demand and stronger dollar - according to Reuters
Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko has threatened to dissolve parliament and call elections after the collapse of the countrys ruling coalition.
$75B Spent By Evil Saudis To Spread Islam Globally
Second Russian journalist in three days killed 
Govt Triggers Official Inquiry into Alleged CIA Prisons in Poland
Sudden death after arrest may be new syndrome (nothing to do with tasers or beatings of course)
The French Ban TV for Children Under Three
Third US Navy ship heads for Georgia
The Medvedev Doctrine and American Strategy (Stratfor) - Russia Makes Clear Its Intentions
3 More Canadian Soldiers Die, 5 Wounded
Britians [Big Brother] CCTV system proves to be a waste!
Scotland Could Boost UK Hydropower by 50%
Tensions between Russia and U.S. threaten space station
 North Korea begins reassembling nuclear facility
Iraq: Iraqi army readies for showdown with Kurds | World news | The Guardian
Persia: Ancient Soul of Iran -- 
In Iran, womens rights activists score victory on marriage legislation
Vladimir Putin picked as worlds most influential person 
In Jordan, the honor killings that are not: Women are murdered for other reasons, but when caught the guilty claim it is an honor killing to obtain lenient sentencing.
U.S. Navy Ship Arrives at Georgian Port Where Russia Has Troops  
At least five people have been killed in another suspected US missile strike on militant targets in Pakistans border region, Pakistani officials say.
Polish prosecutors probe possible CIA jail | Reuters
Russian Lawmaker Says Moscow to Deploy Weapons Near Poland
 Petraeus says Qaeda still undefeated in Iraq
Storm-hit Haitians starve on rooftops.
French Government to store personal information on people as young as 13
Among many bald statements, one stuck out: Israel is now ready to destroy three or four nuclear sites out of 12 in Iran.
Euro Parliament ruling means Britons could be convicted in absence
Russian archaeologists find long-lost Jewish capital.
Iran says again it has no plans to possess nuclear weapons
Syria: Israel must respect 67 border
CIA Prisons in Poland: a Story of Revelation
Lavrov rejects Cheneys attack on Russia
On Monday I received my Palestinian citizenship, on Tuesday I was already in an Israeli jail.
Taliban trophy photos horrify France
Free gas creates chaos - an EA marketing ploy. I think they need to do it more
France stunned at photos of Taliban fighters with trophies taken from 10 French soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Pakistan Parliament calls for action against future military incursions - repel such attacks in the future with full force.
NYC School Teacher Missing--please read and pass along!
Commandos nearly exposed in Syria
The number of girls in poor countries who marry before the age of 18 will double to 100 million in the next decade
Okay, so it looks like were moving increasingly into WWIII territory, but does the worldnews subreddit logo have to imply that all world news is about war and violence? 
 Jim Crow alive and well in Hebron
A French judge has ordered two branches of Scientologists and their leaders to stand trial for fraud 
 Russia in legal bid to ban South Park
60 Minutes Cut Ahmadinejads Statement, Solution Is Democracy in Israel/Palestine
U.S. drones kill 13 in missile attack in Pakistan
Screw You, TSA: No Conviction on Key Charges in Liquid-Bomb Trial in London
Scientology on trial for fraud in France!
An EU ban on ads with sexist overtones? Another quasi-fictional piece of translucent flimflam
Film Backs Afghans Claims of US Killings [of 90+ civilians]
Giant Buddha found at Afghan site.
After denying strenously the US reopens inquiry into Afghan attack that may have killed upto 90 civilians
Videos surface showing dead Afghan children after US raid, sparking a new investigation
Consortium of Media Execs to Canadian Green Party:  You can\t participate in debate because the other parties don\t want you there.
Everything going wrong in the world .. in one convenient graphical display. 
Until yesterday the US military had insisted that only seven civilians were killed in Nawabad on the night of August 21 - the actual number is closer to 92 (Vid)
Father rescues his toddler daughter after she is sucked down 150ft flooded drain.
Greenpeace Mexico Scores Big with Green Sex Guide
Afghanistan: Civilian Deaths From Airstrikes on the Rise
Harrowing video film backs Afghan villagers claims of carnage caused by US troops
1 in 4 facing fuel poverty
Russian warships are headed to the Caribbean
Interrogating Human Rights and Climate Change
Revealed: Shocking footage that could prove 90 Afghans - not seven - died in U.S. airstrike
The Afghan government, human rights officials, and a U.N. investigation back up the account of villagers who say 90 civilians were killed in a U.S. airstrike.
Germany Discovers a War in Afghanistan
Afghanistan - UN has video of U.S. airstrike aftermath
Dutch to ban burkas when picking children up from school
For 21 years a British man has refused to bury his sons body, claiming authorities covered-up the real cause of the childs death
War Nerd - Ossetia: all over but the whining
North Korean Leader Kim Jong-il is Confirmed to be Ill
Polish PM Wants Child Abusers Castrated
Russian bombers land in Venezuela
Devastating Landslide Kills 56 in China
Iran demands UN investigate Israeli threats to kidnap Ahmadinejad
2 Israeli Human Right Groups: Israel is forcibly transfering Palestinians from West Bank to Gaza, splitting families, in violation of international law.
125,000 Gorillas Find Haven in Mud Swamp But Still Face Extinction
Moroccan blogger insults King, King jails insulting blogger
Ralph Peters, the retired US army colonel whom you may know for his plans for redrawing the Middle East, now argues for funding muslim terrorists in Russia.
US not winning in Afghanistan
Earth Policy Institute: Increasing Equality by Educating Every Child
Israel dividing up Palestinians
Iran Being Supported by Shell Oil, OMV and Many Others
Russia sends warplanes on Venezuela training mission
Satellite Images Reveal Exact Nature of Destruction in Georgia
Obama win preferred
Across Haiti, a Scene of Devastation
Google Satellites Aim to Bring High-Speed Internet to All of Africa | 80beats | Discover Magazine
Hindus highlight plight of Roma people in Europe
Australia Criticized for Setting Weak Carbon Emission Goals
This is why the Taliban are pissed, and so would you be if this were you [video]
Islam in Europe: Balkan youth
American intelligence confirms that the latest military actions in South Ossetia were started by Georgia and Russias position in the conflict was correct
The Russians are right! We\re wrong! Georgia started it, the Russians ended it, Rep. Dana Rohrbacher, a California Republican, said
Russian bombers arrive in Venezuela for training
Bolivia asks U.S. ambassador to leave, protests mount
 Indian girl kills self over the Large Hadron Collider Big Bang fear
Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov has accused the United States of emboldening Georgia to start a war
Three dead in fight over size of genitals
Walmart Sets Up Unions for its Employees (in China)
Russian bombers fly to Venezuela
Two Russian bombers land in Venezuela
Satellite finds N. Korea missile site
Putin defends Georgia offensive
President Bush secretly approved orders in July that allow American Special Operations forces to carry out ground assaults inside Pakistan without the prior approval of the Pakistani government
Criminalizing Criticism of Islam  
Most succinct story ever
Earth quakes of magnitude 6.9 hit Japan and Indonesia
Amid Growing Unrest, Bolivia Orders U.S. Ambassador to Leave
Official: Bush ordered raids into Pakistan
After Spying Revelations, Arab Newspapers Say Bush
Deadly earthquake strikes Iran
Syria: U.S. policy post 9/11 has increased terrorism
Russian nuclear battleships arrive in Venezuela for joint exercises
BREAKING: Tsunami Alerts - Japan &amp; Indonesia after 7.6 magnitued quakes
Elizabeth Smart Is Paranoid Kidnappers Will Come After Her Again
Earthquake Hits Irans South, Measures 6.1 On The Richter Scale
Pakistani Tribesmen Representing Half A Million People Vowed To Switch Sides &amp; Join the Taliban If Americans Dont Stop Raids into Pakistan
Italy: Berlusconi government seeks to rehabilitate fascism
A chemical blamed for killing two infants in China has been found in 69 brands of baby milk powder nationwide, state television said on Tuesday, in a potential dramatic escalation of the scandal
Pakistan Orders Troops to Open Fire on U.S. Forces to Stop Raids
Aquaflow Strikes Oil with Green Crude from Algae
Afghan civilian casualties soar. The UN says that from January to August 1,445 civilians were killed - a rise of 39% on the same period last year. 
Pakistan orders troops to open fire if US launches air or ground raid across Afghan border
Suicide bombing kills 22 in Iraq
South Ossetia says finds 500 of 1,600 civilian dead | International | Reuters
Canadians among happiest in world
Goths arrested on suspicion of murdering and eating teenagers in Satanic ritual
On the Day Pakistani Military Promised to Respond to US attacks, Pakistan Closed Torkham Border Crossing (Khyber Pass), Which is the Route for  70% of NATO Supplies.
Genetically engineered Merck Cancer Vaccine Made Mandatory For Immigrants: Controversial shot now required if you want to live the American dream 
Russias Medvedev: Attack on Iran will endanger entire world
Nigeria militants raze Shell oil complex 
Chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, Admiral Michael Mullen, makes unannounced visit to Pakistan
Intelligence officer claims CIA was complicit in torture in Uzbekistan
Pakistan Allegedly Fires Warning Shots at US Troops
Remember the McDonalds theory of war?  The Russia vs Georgia war has conclusively disproved it.
Petraeus leaves Iraq, Odierno takes command. Youve done a heckofa job, Davie.
Witchcraft ISNT REAL: Deadly Congo soccer riot sparked by witchcraft rumor
Thousands flee heavy Darfur fighting
Many more U.S. troops needed in Afghan war: general (We\re in a pretty tough fight here ... and I think we\re going to be here for a while....)
A fatwa against Mickey Mouse
Mideast leaders to meet amid doubts of a deal
6,200 babies sick: Milk scandal spreading 
Afghan farmers are pulling up poppies for wheat
Venezuela Says U.S. Uses Anti-Drug List as Weapon of Domination
6 more people die in another US missile strike in Pakistan
U.S. may use Georgian air bases to strike at Iran
Russia may sell more air defense systems to Iran
Russian President Threatens Arctic Annexation
China accuses US of financial Weapon of Mass Destruction
Terror on the high seas: the brutal return of piracy
Israel Takes Step Toward Electing Woman PM, Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni Wins Kadima Party Primary; In Good Position To Become First Female Leader In 34 Years
Bush: U.S. Embassy attack a reminder nation at war.  Does anybody still listen to this guy?
China Blames US for Tainted Dairy Products, 100 children Sick
In a world first, women in the majority in Rwanda legislature
Blogger Posts Malaysian Flag Upside Down; Arrested For Sedition
How the economy tanked for dummies
Iraqis kills 3 contractors, city Fallujah is razed. U.S. soldier kills 4 bounded Iraqs, gets 7 months.
CIA Chief Speaks of Trying to Provoke Terrorists as Latest Drone Strike Kills Seven in South Waziristan
German Authorities Wiretap Skype, Raid Homes of Whistleblowers.
In Yemen, a Planned Massacre of Americans Is Averted
Livni sweeps Kadima race; Olmert pledges cooperation 
Rising prices tip another 75 million towards starvation
Sri Lankas navy says it has fought a sea battle with Tamil rebels, a day after what the military described as the heaviest day of fighting in weeks.
official poverty rates of 51.8% in Gaza and 19.1% in the West Bank soar to 79.4% and 45.7%
India deploys planes with Nuclear Capability in Kashmir 
Tariq Ali: Has the U.S. Invasion of Pakistan Begun?
Brits take a stand - ban short-selling of financial stocks
Scientology could be banned in France if they lose fraud lawsuit. 
Spains media in uproar over McCains comments regarding Prime Minister Zapatero
Arabs across the ideological spectrum are denouncing clerics fatwa on immoral TV
 Bitter Asians wag the finger at U.S. bank bailouts
Romes Ban On Skimpy Clothing Leads Prostitutes To Dress As Nuns
UCLA study of satellite imagery casts doubt on surges success in Baghdad
China Blames Wall Street Meltdown On Federal Reserve Overissuance Of Currency 
Unknown piece of music by Mozart found in France
Interesting Places: Shibam: Manhattan of the Desert [pics]
UK Teenager sentenced to jail for two years for downloading a guide to making naplam
Why are people worried about short selling (Alex, financial cartoon)
US air raid kills Iraq civilians
Russian minister says war with the United States not possible
North Korea Preparing to Restart Nuclear Facility
America continues to lose world influence as Russia sells weapons to Iran and  Venezuela
Rice says U.S. will resist Russian moves against its neighbors
14 men rob a coca cola factory - shoot out with security - wtf!! 
South Ossetia information warfare, two sides presented in one talk show
North Korea preparing to restart nuclear reactor
 Venezuela expels U.S. rights group for criticism
Chavez expells Human Rights Watch from Venezuela for criticizing govt.
Euthanasia advocate takes her own life.
The complete list of the worlds billionaires
Swazilands HIV/AIDS treatment crisis goes critical
Russian woman caught red-handed drinking orange juice in Dubai
Russia to loan Chavez $US 1 billion  to buy arms
Henry Rollins in Israel. Your kids will inherit the war you did not stop. Amazing video.
Stopping a Financial Crisis, the Swedish Way
Pakistani troops fire at US helicopters on border
Ahmadinejad: American Empire Nearing its End
Internet will run out of IP addresses by 2010, warns Vint Cerf
Pakistan fires on Nato aircraft 
Zardari Says U.S. Raids Harm Pakistans Anti-Extremist Campaign  
 US finds emboldened Russia holding the cards
Venezuela: Enchilada of Evil
Green Knives Bide Their Time For Gordon Brown : Red, Green, and Blue
N.Korea ousts U.N. monitors, to restart atom bomb plant 
Iraq passes election laws that US and Iraq officials call crucial for the nation to heal its political and religious fissures.
Fred Reed throws his hat in the presidential ring
Senior White House officials were central in discussions on using harsh interrogation techniques
Shots fired in US-Pakistan clash
The suspense is killing me
Carla Bruni-Sarkozy in New York  
A McCain-Palin ad claims Obama has been mum on the economic crisis. That\s false.
Finnish gunman burnt bodies after massacre
Bistros going out of business as French diners stay home or turn to fast food
Venezuelas Chavez sees America as a sinking ship
Indonesia cleaning up corruption
Do you drink enough water? 
Japanese space tourist paid Space Adventures $21M to go to the ISS. They bumped him, sent one of their investors instead, and kept his money
Frances top diplomat said Thursday that many European nations have decided to wait out the Bush administration
Xinhua Runs Spacewalk Story Before Astronauts Leave Earth
Somali pirates seize 30 tanks...where are the ninjas when you need them?
New Coup DEtat Rumblings in Venezuela
The Swedish government says it is proposing measures to soften an eavesdropping law after widespread public protests
Pakistan kills 1,000 militants
BBCNews: US military says its troops have exchanged gunfire with Pakistani forces across the border with Afghanistan. 
1st anniversary of Burmas bloody Saffron Revolution
Jewish extremists suspected in attack on Israeli peace activist
BBC: World leaders and philanthropists pledge nearly $3 billion to fight malaria
Gay leader assassinated in Baghdad. Militia run Islamic courts sentencing gays to death.
90 School Children Abducted by Uganda Rebel, LRA
Over half of Europes amphibians face extinction by 2050 | Environment | The Guardian
Carbon dioxide emissions in 07 outpaced researchers most dire projections
Pakistani and American Troops Exchange Fire
Iran Sinking as Groundwater Resources Disappear
Russia to ban Simpsons and South Park
Tehran - A tale of two cities?
2 Terrorism Suspects Arrested on KLM Flight
Fusionman crosses the English Channel using his jet wing! [article and vid]
Pakistan warned US troops not to intrude on its territory Friday, after the two anti-terror allies traded fire along the volatile border with Afghanistan
Chinas astronauts in orbit, prepare for spacewalk
Government questionnaires stir unease about ethnic cleansing in a Baghdad enclave
Harper Hunt
Gorbachev forms new Russian party opposing Putin
Ahmadinijads willingness to accept Israel - why do we always here the other side of the story?
Olmert Says Israel Must Withdraw From Almost All of Occupied Territories
Mexican Violence Forcing Families to Migrate: Extreme poverty isnt the only reason people are fleeing Mexico these days
America Loses Its Dominant Economic Role
French Muslims Find Haven in Catholic Schools 
Meanwhile Theres A War Going On... Remember Iraq?
Scores die in India temple crush
REAL Somalian pirate story, ship was not iranian, but ukranian, and was not carrying WMDs
Venezuela to build nuclear technology with Russia 
Bus collides with milk tanker, 35 dead in Pakistan 
Moscow already has a Trophy Museum of the Georgian War
A stampede at a hill-top temple in western India killed more than 147 people and wounded 55 others who had gathered to celebrate the start of a religious holiday.
197 dead in temple stampede in India
ZIMBABWE: Farm animals bartered to stave off hunger
Pakistani Refugees Pour Into Afghanistan
Pakistans Taliban chief possibly dead from kidney failure.
Good News: Gurkhas win right to stay in UK 
Petraeus: Pakistan Facing Existential Threat
Nearly 150 Die in India Temple Stampede
Rich Flanders seeks more autonomy
Chinese-made cookies with elevated levels of melamine found in the Netherlands
China is Trying a Policy of Engagement with Rogue America, to Help Moderate U.S. Behavior
Olmert disavows Greater Israel
Voters in Ecuador Approve New Constitution
EU Bans the Incandescent Light Bul
AFP: Paul Krugman wins Nobel Economics Prize
Europe to U.S.: You messed up the rescue, too
Hindu Threat to Christians: Convert or Flee
Europe puts $2.3 trillion on line for banks, almost 3 times the USA bailout
Congratulations on your Nobel Prize in Economics Paul Krugman!
When can we get some damn privacy? Governments lose data! Up to 1.7m peoples data missing
AFRICA: Sexually-transmitted grades kills quality education
New Beijing Traffic Laws Take 800,000 Cars Off the Road in China
A Jamaican lottery scam draws in millions of US dollars every day, providing Jamaican gangs with high-calibre weapons.
Terror bill: 42-day detention rejected
Ringo too busy for autographs
EU warns youth: turn your MP3 players down!
For three decades the Free Aceh Movement fought for independence from Indonesia, settling finally for autonomy.  Now its founder, long in exile, comes home.
 North Korea restores U.N. monitoring of atom site-diplomats
Aids in Africa: The power of the pulpits message
AskReddit: Out of all the significant world events that you have experienced in your lifetime, where would you rank the current financial crisis ? 
A different spin on textbook controversy: rewriting history in the interest of peace
The Soleckshaw, a new solar powered rickshaw, has been unveiled this month in Delhi, and is being touted as a solution to traffic jams, pollution woes, and backbreaking human labor.
Venezuela shuts down McDonalds
Children of the black dust
UK banks receive 37bn bail-out
Bank shares fall despite bail-out
Fighting the Financial Crisis: Stocks Surge As EU Nations Unveil Bailout Packages
EU to ban traditional light bulbs, despite dangers of CFLs to health and the environment
Iceland has food stocks for about 3 to 5 weeks
Israeli Bestseller Breaks National Taboo - Dr Shlomo argues that the idea of a Jewish nation is a myth invented little more than a century ago.
CNN anchorwoman actually takes on Israeli spokeswoman [VID]
Ever wondered what a dead city looks like? Watch this BBC report from inside Mogadishu, Somalia
Italian PM Berlusconi wants Russia to join EU 
Three months in jail if you have premarital sex in Dubai. You know, that place with the massive architecture everyone thinks is just so cool
The Communications Data Bill (2008) will lead to the creation of a single, centralized database containing records of all e-mails sent, websites visited and mobile phones used by UK citizens.
Pinochet-era death squad members jailed
European Union to Stick to Tough Climate Targets Despite Poorer Countries Attempt to Block Moving Forward
Russia ends decades-old border dispute and gives territory to China 
The Queen visits Google
Norway police charge Microsofts Fast with fraud
Britain, in alliance with Poland, Sweden and the Baltic States, has narrowly prevented the European Union from reopening trade and aid talks with Moscow
Last Titanic survivor, 96, sells mementos to help pay nursing home fees in England
Friendly fire in Iraq -- and a coverup
Iraqi negotiators are reviewing a revised draft of a long-delayed security agreement to govern the conduct of American forces in Iraq, an Iraqi government spokesman announced Wednesday. 
United Nations declare Gaza smuggling an industry - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
Five Afghanistan scholars visiting the University of Washington reported missing
BBC in its last stages: budget cuts will make it increasingly difficult to maintain standards
Intelligence report: U.S. antiterror ally Pakistan on the edge 
Sarkozy: Arabic Is the Language of the Future
World sharemarkets slump on recession fears
Tactical calculations in Afghanistan make nonsense of US and British claims that their civilian victims are accidental \collateral damage\...
Dont Laugh at the Bear
U.S. travel alert adds Nogales, Mexico
Coke Dealers Badass Party House w/ Private Zoo
Japan: 44 per cent of country\s workforce are part-time only. Communist-themed manga comics are enjoying soaring success.
Seriously, what\s going on in China that would cause melamine in everything from milk to dogfood... and now chocolate and strawberry flavored willy spread?
Fascinating Pictures of Russian Trains 
Activists celebrate Irans ban on juvenile executions
New Security Scanners Called Virtual Strip Search at Melbourne Airport Will Show Genitals!
Beijing Olympic Official gets the Death Sentence.
Rwanda abandons French language
Convert or we will kill you, Hindu lynch mobs tell fleeing Christians
A split in Belgium?
Pakistan facing bankruptcy as world financial crisis deepens
Trial of 86 nationalist hardliners accused of using assassination and bombings in an attempt to overthrow the Islamist-leaning Turkish government is postponed when supporters flood the courtroom.
Burros carry one mans library to Colombian villagers
UK borrowing at 60-year high
Did a Gulf of Tonkin Incident Just Happen In Iranian Waters?
Vietnamese Security Police Again Active in Poland
Really? Iran Security Forces arrest pigeons working for imperialists equipped with metal rings and invisible strings near Natanz nuclear facility
China to Allow Land Leasing, Transfer. New Law Is Part of Project Aimed at Doubling Rural Incomes
Sri Lanka MoD says 33 troops died fighting Tiger rebels over the weekend. Here are some govt. videos.
Muslim fanatic prisoners to be de-programmed using controversial techniques to cure them of beliefs
Bank hackers steal from French President Sarkozy
Drug violence traumatizes Mexicos children.
Almost 200 UFO files will be made available by the MoD over the next four years.
Israel Considering Saudi Peace Deal
British spinster jailed after breaking neighbours arm with spade
Argentina nationalizes private pensions and acknowledges that they were an enormous error\\. Argentina takes action to protect workers and retirees instead of banks. 
How people of other religions are treated in Muslim countries: Amazing facts.
Baby rape a cure for AIDS - How can this be sick belief be common in a developed country? over 1500 new infections daily, over 20,000 rapes a year
UN says wealth gap creating a social time bomb - Growing inequality in US cities could lead to widespread social unrest and increased mortality.
Another war? Bosnia in real danger of collapse
Israeli Revealed as owner of South Sudan bound weapons ship
EU awards its Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought to jailed Chinese dissident Hu Jia.  China\s Foreign Ministry calls it meddling but too trivial to dwell on.
Mexican Government Covers Up Murder of Journalist
Pakistan stares into the abyss
Massive Secret Uranium Shipment Revealed
Pakistan Will Give Arms to Tribal Militias.  What could go wrong?
Pakistan: 8 Students Die in Suspected US Missile Strike on School
Russians told all is well as economy sinks
Adolf Hitler and the Nazis were working on a Big Brother-style cable television propaganda industry to be broadcast across Germany
Far-right Austrian leader sacked for revealing gay affair with Jrg Haider
US airstrike kills 9 Afghan soldiers at checkpoint
US, British ex-diplomats warn Bosnia in danger of collapse
UN warns of mass starvation in North Korea
Horrific Flashback From My Soviet Childhood
Pakistan takes $5bn IMF bail-out after allies refuse funds
Russia Backs Keeping U.S. Force in Iraq
GOP Donors Critical of Palin\s Pricey Threads; Some Want Money Back (..like to think they were successful enough to [get] their wardrobe with their own money)
India Launches Moon Mission
Mobile biometric scanners for all UK police
V, U or L shaped - the shape of the coming global recession [Hint: L shaped is bad]
Finnish e-voting system loses 2% of votes, has no paper trail
One dead, thousands without power and the first October snow in London in 74 YEARS as Arctic blast sweeps across UK
Gordon Brown\s terror claims for ID cards are bunkum says GCHQ expert
mental midgets at tsa will eventually re-allow us to bring our non-explosive liquids back on planes! now if theyll just stop stealing our crap
Over 1,000 foreign soldiers killed in Afghanistan since 2001
Report: N. Koreas Kim suffers `serious setback
UK doctors warned we\ll report you to MI5 over IT security
UK will face peak oil crisis within five years, report warns
Five synchronized suicide bombings hit Somalian targets, including a UN building and the Ethiopian embassy.
The stench went through my nostrils  - Pub chefs accused of serving human excrement in gelato to a family complaining about noise during a football match. 
Israeli biometric database bill passes first vote
World Conservation Congress: biodiversity underpins the well-being of human societies and their economies
Net giants create code to defend online freedoms
UK database guru warns over breaches
This is the Zlin-143, the plane commonly used by the Tamil Tigers\ Air Wing which today dropped aerial bombs on a Columbo power station and escaped a Sri Lankan air force dragnet.
Venezuela gets its own Satellite! Lets try to find out what it can do!
Young dodge the internet censors
Livnis brave stand
U.S. embassy in Syria says may close to public
Extremists face tougher UK entry
MI5 targets Irelands al-Qaeda cells
Ludmilla Radchenko For The Art Of Being A Woman
Scores dead after Pakistan quake
If you guys dont elect Obama, can we have him?
Cops: Centipedes are dangerous weapons
Out-of-office reply ends up on bilingual road sign in Wales
 CIA officers could face trial in Britain over torture allegations 
teens attack 75 year old blind flamingo - what is wrong with our world?
Exxon Posts Largest Ever Profit of $14.83 Billion in a Quarter!
I Know Weve Got This Election in US To Worry, But I Wanted To Help Shine More Light On Our Afgani Friends Ongoing Us Killing Them Problem. Lets Keep That In The Spotlight Too!
Priests to face sex drive tests; Pope looks like Sith Lord in photos.
Is the Taliban Stockpiling Opium? And If So, Why? 
Berlusconi Guts Italys School System, Its Going From one of Europes Best to one of Its Worst. 
The truth about South Ossetia
Johann Hari: How we fuel Africas bloodiest war
Worst Terrorist Attack in Indias Northeast - 12 separate blasts, with police saying nearly 70 people have died
Australia denies residency to doctor because his son has down syndrome
France: Imam arrested for illegal marriages
Japan general fired over WWII essay critical of US
Suspected US missile strike kills 20 in Pakistan
Police halt wedding of boy, seven, to girl aged five
Syria cut off contacts with Iraq and reduce its forces on the border
Japanese air force chief of staff says the idea that Japan was an aggressor in WWII mind control.  In his view, it was the US that forced Japan into war.
Pakistani police break up the marriage of a 7 and 4 year old, reportedly arranged to end a long-standing family feud.
UK drug abuse worst in Europe
Libya has paid $1.5bn into a compensation fund for relatives of US victims of terror attacks blamed on Tripoli.
Pirates are back - Seize Boat Crew Off Cameroon 
3000 Year Old Spider God Temple Found in Peru
Brit becomes Mayor of Spanish town, because every other ruling councillor is arrested for corruption
UK Centre for Social Cohesion press release - The UK government to work with extremist Muslim students
British police ask for camera license!
Beheaded after trying for asylum in Australia
March of the dustbin Stasi: Half of councils use UK anti-terror laws to watch people putting rubbish out on the wrong day
Amnesty: Somali rape victim, 13, stoned to death, AF 
Japanese Air chief sacked over WWII denial
Australian ISPs speak out against governments Great Firewall mandatory content filter
SAS chief quits over gross negligence that killed his troops
Syrians protest against US attack 
1 million people flee fighting in Congo, U.N. says
US airstrikes kill (another) 20 in Pakistani villages
Syria has denounced a US strike on its territory but sources say Damascus secretly backed the raid
Rescued Royal Bank of  Scotland to pay millions in bonuses
GAMBIA: Sex tourists exploiting children
Prostitution: which Approach works - Legalization, or Criminalization?
Banks seek help to forgive some credit card debt
Tories pledge to stop UK surveillance powers abuse
Roberte Mugabe supporters grab one of Zimbabwes last white-run farms
Telling the Truth About Rape in Congo
New right-wing Swiss party to enter political arena
Christmas Slowly Losing Popularity
Mercy Politics: Refugees: The Dire Consequence of Wars and Conflicts.
Huge Piece Space station trash plunging to Earth
Marriage dowry is major cause of poverty
Saddam Hussein the martyr  inside tyrants tom
Somalia: Rape victim, 13, stoned to death
Kenya declares holiday for Obama
The Western media has recently outdone itself in censoring important stories - stories which contradict the policies and interests the media seeks to uphold...
Does it seem like every other US bomb dropped in Afghanistan hits a wedding party?
Plane crashes in centre of Mexico City
Half of the Zimbabwe population faces starvation
Woman drives sleeping rapist to police station
At least 38 civilians dead in another strike on a wedding party in Afghanistan...
Newspaper frontpages around the world this morning. Thanks, USA!
Kidnappers Kill Five Year Old Boy By Injecting Acid Into his Heart
Russian Pres Dmitry Medvedev: Presidential term should be extended
Russian President in State of the Nation address says that when Barack Obama becomes U.S. President, the relaions between the two countries will get a second wind.
McCain loses with class
Poll reveals Germans would like return to nationalisation
Israel Launches Deadly Airstrike in Gaza. ah shit!
Riot/celebration at White House - crowd shouting Bush out - anyone nearby have any updates? (saw this breaking on CBC TV)
Mexican Interior Minister dies in plane crash.  CIA not suspected.
Hamas militants pounded southern Israel with a barrage of rockets Wednesday, hours after Israeli forces killed six gunmen in a fresh bout of violence
Russia will deploy short-range missiles in the Baltic Sea region near the border with Poland in response to plans by the United States to build an anti-missile system in Europe.
Artificial hair on submarines may help them overcome turbulence
Human Rights Watch says more cluster munitions than previously reported were used by both sides in S. Ossetia war.
If youre ever accused of war crimes, hiding out near the Hague may not be the best idea.  Bosnian war crimes supect arrested in Netherlands.
Mexicos interior secretary killed in plane crash
Kim Jong Il Said to Visit Military Units, Despite Health Rumors
Russian President to Increase Presidential Term to 6 Years
Jamie Oliver says the British dont know how to cook
UK Judge asks media whether to release Guantanamo Bay torture evidence
Conservatives take New Zealand: John Key says NZ election win a vote for change
Blueprints for Auschwitz camp found in Germany
One million Cubans evacuate as Hurricane Paloma,  now Cat 4, aims for Cuba
Israeli Supreme Court rules it\s fine to build a build a Museum of Tolerance on top of a centuries-old Muslim cemetery
Iran slams Obamas tough language on nukes - A step in the wrong direction
New Zealand votes. The world holds its breath.
Report in US undercuts Georgian claim of how war started
Russias Putin may return as president in 2009 
US State Department admits Georgia erred in August attack on South Ossetia
Pakistani militants kill 2 alleged U.S. spies.  Warnings are found pinned to bodies dumped in volatile border region.
Israel Developing Nuke-Hunting Drone
Stonewall: Bigots of the Year or Government Stooges?
PM faces tough battle as NZ votes 
Arizona boy, 8, accused of killing 2, including dad
After five years of appeals, 3 are finally executed for Bali Bombings.
China aims at higher nuclear power capacity - 70 million kilowatts by 2020
A light unto nations - Israel army studies abuse video
Multimillionaire takes control of New Zealand
Druglords house raided. hundreds of high powered weapons, grenades and rocket launchers secured in Mexico
Bali bombers executed by firing squad
Third deadly Hurricane in this year over Cuba - Fidel Castro
Dozens Dead in Hatian School Collapse (AP Footage)
Megan Megan suicide letter found. Her bragging that her daddy would be president, allegedly made all her friends sick she said it ad nauseum.
Russias new nuclear attack submarine starts sea trials
Russia Ready to buy Iceland for good money.
RUSSIAS parliament will rush through a constitutional amendment that could see Vladimir Putin return to the presidency within weeks.
Dubai: What goes up, up, up...must come down. Only 5% of GDP comes from oil, leaving them poised for a big fall.
Taliban sprays Afghan girls with acid for not wearing burqas
Paulson in 2007: I have no interest in bailing out lenders or property speculators.
Indian probe touches down on Moon 
Whats really happening in the Middle East: Iran and Saudi Arabia are engaged in a Cold War that is playing out in both Iraq and Afghanistan.
Sarkozy urges US, Russia to shelve missile plans
Taliban kill mullah critical of suicide attacks.  Religious leader slain days after preaching against oft-used tactic.
India suffering disease of affluence
Australia is preparing to block public access to 10,000 websites deemed to carry unwanted content.
US drone strike kills 12 in Pakistan
Israeli troops face abuse trial
British troops out of Iraq by end of 2009: Iraqi official
Sarkozy to Putin: Do you want to end up like Bush? 
U.N. says thick brown clouds of soot, particles and chemicals stretching from the Persian Gulf to Asia threaten health and food supplies in the world
Obama aide in anti-Ara row 
Are we just going to let this shit happen? These fuckers are robbing us in plain sight !
Local council spends $150,000 of taxpayers cash....in bid to save taxpayers cash 
Vetting blunders label 12,000 innocent Britons as paedophiles, violent thugs and thieves
Russian leader Medvedev heading to Cuba &amp; Venezuela 
Junk mail levels drop by 70% all because of the closure of one web hosting company
Egypt halts doctor visas to Saudi
 Martin Kettle: Tabloid irresponsibility means readers get most of their political information from newspapers no one trusts | Comment is free | The Guardian 
EU unveils plan to weaken Russian grip on gas supply
India sinks Somali pirate ship
New prostitution laws in the UK mean men who pay to have sex with trafficked women may face rape charges, and ignorance is no defense.
Finally someone steps up to Somali pirates: INDIA sinks pirate mother ship
Israel boycotts UN racism conference, claims bias
Egypt and Israel were at war. Anwar Sadat, Egypts President, flew to Jerusalem to make peace. His plane door opened. Israel stood still. Israeli buglers sounded the salute. An unforgettable moment.
After a mere four years, Ireland plans to reinstate a ban on handguns.
With no money, Pakistan moms abandon kids
Somali pirates transform villages into boomtowns - building sprawling stone McMansions
British and American military secrets may have been passed to the Russians by a double agent -- biggest spy scandal since CIA traitor Aldrich Ames
Israel slams UN call to end blockade
Forget Red vs. Blue -- Its the Educated vs. People Easily Fooled by Propaganda
The Government of Israel continues to act recklessly, and with utter disregard for the human rights of the Palestinian people, including their right to life and safety.
A 26-year-old flight student is dead after a propeller accident
The British National Party (BNP) membership list which has been published online by an ex-member can be found here
IRAQ WAR ENDS
UN Calls For End To Israeli Blockade Of Gaza Strip
IAEA: Bombed Syrian site had features like a nuclear reactor
Today we have around 1.8 million (reported) cases of Police Torture Each Year in India. Those Tortured are generally the (Low-Caste) Dalits, the Tribals and the Muslims.
Well, well.  Blackwater wants to fight pirates now.  How unexpected.
early thaw in the coming cold war?  Moscow reaches out to Obama on missiles
Pirates strike again, seize Hong Kong grain ship bound for Iran
More challenges to secret copyright treaty
WTF? Barack Obama Faces Charges in Memphis 
spy called The Spaniard may have betrayed British and U.S. secrets to Russia for more than a decade
UK government unveils plan for sex trade crackdown
Swiss Army bans vegetarians from fighting 
Kofi Annan and Jimmy Carter barred from visiting Zimbabwe to assess the humanitarian crisis
Former police chief in Argentina, wanted for alleged crimes against human rights, has shot himself dead on live TV.
Progressive, tolerant Malaysia issues a fatwa...on yoga
1,000 penalties for out-of-date ID details
Icelanders demand PM resignation, clash with police
In this year so far 24 missile attacks have taken place killing 344 civilians. The number of so-called militants does not exceed ten.
Daryl Hannah Helps Stop Japanese Whaling By Joining The Sea Shepherd, The Ship Stopped $70M In Whaling By Japanese Last Year
Situation in Pakistan more dire than Afghanistan: expert
Mugabe tries to hide cholera death toll
Perth Mint (AU) is overloaded with demand for gold, suspends taking orders until JAN 09
Refusal to declare Lisbon dead \treason\, It is a simple question: will you respect the Irish vote?
Soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan to get anti-sniper device that can pinpoint the position of the shooter within a fraction of a second
 Iran executes man in Israeli spy case
Michael Jackson Converted To Islam
China stole files related to NASAs Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter that detailed the space vehicles propulsion system, solar panels, and fuel tanks
Australias Sex Party takes on nanny state
Paraguay reports 2nd cross-border raid by Brazilian troops
Is Mexico Finally Cleaning Up Corruption? Mexico Arrests Ex-Chief of Antidrug Agency 
Britain colder than Moscow as blizzards sweep in from the Arctic
Afghanistans struggle to tap wind energy
 Iran hangs Iranian convicted of spying for Israel
HIV/AIDS spreading fast in Russia despite more funding to fight it, AIDS coordinator says
The God Delusion = Judas Priest = D&amp;D
A former police chief in Argentina, wanted for alleged crimes against human rights, has shot himself dead in front of television cameras. (video)  
London Police boycott tasers because of their potential to cause fear and damage public confidence
Reddit upvoted the original story, why not this one? Muslims arrest those involved in acid attack against schoolgirls in afghanistan
Greenlanders go to the polls in referendum on self-rule
Sunken pirate ship was actually Thai trawler, owner says 
Seventy-two percent of the Israeli public rated the general level of corruption in the Israeli government as high to very high
The freedom of historical debate is under attack by the memory police
US intelligence kept a file of personal nature on Tony Blair while he was Prime Minister, in violation of an agreement between Britain and the US not to spy on each others leaders
Food Bank in Seattle, Washington. Cmon Reddit--Lets Donate In Brenden Fosters name.
Hey, Arab lady, you dont like it that we destroyed your homes?  Heres a headbut for you, and one for your Arab friend, too!  Now youre all under arrest.
10 Taliban arrested in acid attack on schoolgirls
UN General Assembly President Accuses Israel of Apartheid and Calls for a Campaign of Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions Against Israel
First pics of Indian navy sinking pirate ship
The end of the cafe/bar culture?
Somali Pirate Mothership sinking a mistake? 
Russia sues Ukraine over gas debt
Between September and October property prices have plummeted by as much as 49% in some parts of Dubai
The Czech Republics Vaclav Klaus is next in the rotation as president of the European Union, a fact that makes some in the Union very nervous.
Blast kills 3 outside Russia subway station
Oops, Sunken pirate ship was actually Thai trawler, owner says 
Russian warships cruise into US back yard to make power point
Wal-Mart to Give 90 Million lbs Food to Help Combat Hunger 
Zimbabwe Health Crisis A Disaster of Unimaginable Proportions
Nobody every seems to give a shit about the Congo
Kim Jong-Il Apparently Healthy.
Zimbabwe on brink of collapse as outbreak of cholera spreads
RIP Brenden Foster, the 11-year-old whose last wish was to feed the homeless.
Georgian ambassador admits that they started it.
How Canada honours our war dead sends shivers down my spine... seeing it in person is beyond breathtaking
Turns out Indian Navy actually sank Thai fishing boat, not pirate mothership. Embarassing...
Mumbai under attack. Bomb blast and firefights in South Mumbai. Blasts and gun flights in Oberoi, Taj and Trident Hotels. A lot of Chaos, nothing is clear at the moment. 
South Africa President Mbekis denial of the well-established scientific consensus about the viral cause of AIDS and the essential role of antiretroviral drugs led to the death of 365,000 people
Pirate Boat Indian Navy Sank Was Thai Trawler.
Mumbai rocked by deadly shootings 
Evidence Suggests British Liquid Bomb Plot was Directed by UK/Pakistan/US Intelligence 
Greenland votes for self-rule
Divers Find Ammunition on Lusitania,  so much for innocent passanger ship.
Quixtar and Amway are scams - Spread the word.
Following in Chinas footsteps, US baby formula manufacturers add melamine!
Mumbai attacked by terrorists
 3,000 dead from cholera in Zimbabwe, Local Government takes action to conceal the scale of this deadly epidemic
One-third of Chinas Yellow River is Heavily Polluted with Industrial Discharge
Everest and Himalayan Glaciers Could Vanish By 2035, Imperiling a Billion People
Afghan President Hamid Karzai said Wednesday he would bring down U.S. planes bombing villages if he could
Chinese villege may have Roman Ancestry - unusual numbers of western faces among chinese brethren...
Muslim clerics cancel fatwa against... yoga
Man Who Killed 6 Cops with a Knife is Executed 
Thai crisis exposes class struggle 
Palestinian Children Teargassed Protesting Annexation Wall
Official: Russians want to search for oil off Cuba.
Intimidation and murder in Coca-Colas Colombian factories
Live updates on Mumbai Blasts
Johan Franzen scores the Goal of the Year [VID]
Israeli forces destroy Palestinian greenhouses and farms in Gaza 
Experts doubt Al Qaeda link in Mumbai attacks
Israeli Occupation Firces troops fire at children, Israeli Occupation Army demolish two homes in Old Jerusalem
The US has requested that Israel refrain from embarking on any large-scale operations during the last weeks of the George W. Bush administration
Finally!  A Lego illustrated bible
Full Text: PM Manmohan Singh Address to Indian People Regarding Terrorist Attacks in Mumbai
Google Map of Mumbai Attacks
 Hostages freed at Mumbai hotel - BBC News
I know that in 1954 Israeli agents pretending to be Muslims blew up American targets in Cairo in the hopes of prompting the US to attack Egypt. 
Airbus A320 Crashes Into Mediterranean Sea
Both airports in Bangkok, Thailand closed due to anti-government riots
Official: Siege ends at Mumbais Taj hotel
Mumbai: Exporting Pakistans Resources [Warnerd]
Huge explosion at Taj again, 9 rescued from Trident
Gunmen in Mumbai Leave 101 Dead, Hostages Taken
France finally agrees to pay damages to nuclear test victims
Activists dump 5 tons of coal outside a meeting organized to block action to reduce CO2 emissions at the upcoming climate talks in Poland next week.
Mumbai Is Attacked By Terrorists in a scene of coordinated attacks that eerily resembles 9/11
Charities cant keep up with deepening poverty
Toxic waste causes Somali piracy
Regarding the events in India: The only question we should be asking ourselves, by Arundhati Roy 
Indian Commandos Free Mumbai Hostages. 
Airbus A320 crashes during test flight off the French coast
Mumbai photographer: I wish Id had a gun, not a camera. Armed police would not fire back
Lets try not to panic... (Pic)
Hemp: Swiss citizens vote tomorrow to legalize it
What Happens To You After You Get Caught Spying For Israel Against The US-  You Get Hired By A Washington Thinktank
Mumbai terrorists recruited with promise of escape
Japanese Told to Work Less, Have More Sex 
India uncovers Hindu terror group that carried out bombings blamed on Islamists
Deepak Chopra agrees: Washington, not Al-Qaeda, is responsible for the Mumbai attacks
Iceland: A portent of the future. When the global debt bubble bursts, will the people rise up in anger as they did in France in the 1780s? As they are in Iceland today. 
Police declare Mumbai siege over
Switzerland Likely To Approve Prescription Heroin
Pictures of the Iranian man who threw acid on the womans face during the reading of his punishment. His punishment, to have acid dripped onto his eyes until he goes blind
Thanks reddit, for making the reddit icon with Indian flag. I appreciate your support. The incident however made me feel ashamed and wretched as an Indian...
Pirates on speedial - They are under P for pirates.
The U.S. general commanding NATO forces in Afghanistan has ordered a merger of the office that releases news with Psy Ops, which deals with propaganda
Conservative Canadian Government May Fall
President Zardari: Theres a little bit of India in every Pakistani and a little bit of Pakistan in every Indian. I do not know whether it is the Indian or the Pakistani in me that is talking today
Inadequate Sex Blamed for Increased Crime Among Chinas Workers
What They Hate About Mumbai - a Mumbaikar\s view
 Patrick Cockburn: Pakistan is the root of the problem
Indian force kill last gunman in Mumbai
Chinese internet giant sacks staff over paid for search listings
Dutch ban on magic mushrooms to take effect
How to Deal with Pirates: We shall offer them liberal and enlightened terms, dictated at the mouths of our cannons.
The Ministry of Defence turned large parts of the country into a giant laboratory to conduct a series of secret germ warfare tests on the public.
Brazil Announces Plan to Slow Amazon Deforestation by 70%
Big brother police to get power to stop you in the street to demand ID  (UK - of course)
CCTV footage of cops fighting Bombay terrorists. Mob got him in the end.
The Daily Show on the Mumbai Tragedy: There have always been motherfuckers, there will always be motherfuckers, but what we can\t do, is let them control our motherfucking lives.
The Vatican on gays: Better dead than married!
People over 60s are the fastest-growing group of criminals in Japan, with more arrests than teenagers in many areas
Live Earth Concert Cancelled Due to Terrorist Attacks
UK government sneaking in mandatory ID cards
Until last week, no one in the U.K. had dared search Parliament since 1642, when such an act led to the beheading of King Charles I.
First oil was expensive and we were told to be afraid, now its very cheap and were told to be afraid
As Rwandan genocide raged, a Canadian general\s pleas for help were ignored  Hundreds of thousands could have been saved
Italian judge suspends trial of CIA agents
The worlds most successful tennis player, Pete Sampras, became bored with retirement so he is back in London to play competitively again
Argentinas President Vetoes Law that would have Protected Glaciers
Europe Should Not Appease China, Says Dalai Lama
Abdel Bari Atwan on the Mumbai attacks: Today India is seen as moving closer to Israel in business ties as well as importing weapons from Israel.
The Associated Press Trivializes Iraqi Death Toll, Amplifies Censorship and The New York Times Adds Unique Twist in Censoring Genocidal Numbers.
Iran has recently executed an IT expert who confessed of being an Israeli spy for at least three years
Doctors: Terrorists Torture of Jewish Victims in Mumbai Beyond Words.   Why hasnt the US MSM reported this?
Nations to sign cluster bomb ban treaty: United States, China, Russia, Israel, Pakistan and India reject ban
Nations sign cluster bomb treaty
Key Chavez opponent faces charges
Venezuela: All those companies where the employers exploit the workers, or where it has become indebted and cannot pay its workers, well, they have to be recovered, nationalised, taken over.
I killed 110 Children, Claims Witchdoctor
How do you pay a pirate\s ransom? what goes on would be worthy of a Hollywood action movie script.
I fell in love with a female assassin...
The Lie We Love: Healthy babies adopted from the developing world are usually not orphans at all.
European court ruling : the DNA of innocents may not be kept on file
Benazir Bhutto: Bin Laden was Murdered (she was killed a little over a month after saying this)
Jewish settlers turn TERRORIST. Rampage/Riots after forced removal from illegally occupied home.
The only surviving suspect in the deadly attacks on Mumbai told investigators that he shot a small boy and, because he was crying, He shot him again, and killed him, to shut him up.
There Goes the Conservatives Argument... Bloc part of secret coalition plot in 2000 with Canadian Alliance
I know there is a God because in Rwanda I shook hands with the devil.
Niggers don\t expel Jews! This isn\t what we brought you to Israel for! are just some of the degrading slurs Border Guard officers reported hearing from masked settlers
Berlusconi plans to use G8 presidency to regulate the internet
Those pirates who attacked a cruise liner - were actually fishermen
Venezuelans occupy car parts plant: too many people are waiting for president Chvez to solve their problems... the people have to push the revolution forward
Pakistani TV: Hindu Zionists and Mossad Behind Mumbai Massacre
Zimbabwe: Civilisation in reverse
Canadian Prime Minister has Suspended Parliament to Stop a No Confidence Vote ... Abuse of Power Much??
If You Think the Neo-Con Warmongers are Gone Youre Wrong. They Are Waiting to Attack Iran 
Calling all Pakistanis - Article by Thomas L. Friedman NYT
Neocon coup in Canada. Harper to suspend Parliament to forestall ouster by majority opposition bloc.
  FBI Seized Gold and Silver Coins from the Office of Liberty Dollar  
Mumbai Gunman Promised Cash for Family
Saudi to help Israel bomb Iran
The lineage of the terrorists who attacked Bombay is better traced to those vicious acts of 20th and 21st century terror which feature self styled protagonists of all the faiths and ideologies...
Hebron settlers evicted by force
Mumbai gunmen took coke? Plausible. Mumbai gunmen injected LSD? Id say this reporter has never taken acid.
Russia to Send Warship Through Panama Canal (flexing muscles?)
False Flag?  One of the men arrested for illegally buying mobile phone cards used by gunmen in Mumbai attacks is a counter-insurgency police officer
Doctors Without Borders: 75% of rapes they deal with are from the DR of Congo
Rape at epidemic proportions: Victims range from infants to 90 yr olds.
 Jewish settlers set fire to Palestinian home
Canadian and Australian Prime Ministers give exact same speech, word for word, in run-up to Iraq War. We know who the puppets are, but who are the masters?
Danish Special Forces capture Somali pirate boat
Hoax call to Zardari put Pakistan on war alert
Russian ship enters Panama Canal for the first time since World War II
Another fake WMD report from Debka douchebags
US Wants Four Ex-ISI Officials Declared Terrorists
Zimbabweans are reduced to plucking undigested corn kernels from cow dung... That could be tonight\s supper.
Europes Scandal of the Year? - German Billlionaire Blackmailed by Swiss Gigolo, Prosecutors Say.
Nuclear war for the lulz? Hoax India call put Pakistan on high alert
CEO of top Swiss bank dies suddenly, sparking rumours of suicide
What will become of Canada?
Hoax call fuels Pakistan-Indian tensions - A man pretending to be India\s foreign minister called Pakistan\s president and talked in a threatening manner during the Mumbai terror attacks
29 killed after car bomb explodes in Pakistan
Jordanian man strangles 16-year-old married sister after she visited a female friend because he had to cleanse family honour.
US backing for India fuels tensions with Pakistan
Canada halts parliament amid row
At Least 22 Dead in Pakistan Blast
Germany introduces health care services catering specifically to aging homosexuals
5 Blackwater guards charged in shooting
Carter Center: Guinea worm disease at all-time low. Pushing toward eradication.
The Vaticans Policy of Cover-up on Clergy Sex Abuse
Chinese girl gets kiss of deaf
Israeli PM Ehud Olmert: The sight of Jews standing with guns and shooting at innocent Palestinian civilians can only be called a pogrom.
Japan: America entrapped Japan into carrying out Pearl Harbor -- Japan never waged a war of aggression
What the no day means on Greece and why student anger erupted across Greece over Saturday\s fatal police shooting of a teenage boy.
Former ISI chief tells Fareed Zakaria on CNN that 9/11 and Mumbai were inside jobs--Zakaria, member of the Trilateral Comission, offers big fat disclaimer
The Taliban movement now holds a permanent presence in 72 percent of Afghanistan, up from 54 percent a year ago.
UK: RIP Oliver Postgate - creator of Bagpuss and the clangers
[VIDEO] Greece: Police chases protester. Police beats protester.  Other protesters protect first protester.
In order to sustain global auto-mania, we require overwhelming self-delusion.
UN Agency: Nearly 1 Billion Hungry
The 7 Dumbest Things Ever Done by Airport Security | Cracked.com
Two Pilots survive 18 hours on an ice floe in -20C after crash-landing in Canadas far north.
Sony to cut plants and 8,000 jobs
UK: Schoolgirl with learning difficulties gang-raped and scarred with acid
Video of Massive Riots in Greece - In response to the murder of 15 year old boy by policeman
Pakistan ex-spy chief: U.S. wants him on terror list
 Who are the protesters in Greece?  
France fined for delaying EU laws
Military jet crash in San Diego kills 3 on ground
Pakistan wont hand suspects to India
Gallup: Venezuelans more satisfied than other Latin Americans but ranked just below North America and Western Europe
Financial Times writer speculates on the pitfalls of world government
Athens riots: live video coverage
India releases details of nine dead Mumbai gunmen
Homeless dog risks life to rescue pal
Escapee Tells of Horrors in North Korean Prison Camp
Indian police have arrested a man for writing a book blaming Hindus for deadly anti-Christian violence in the country\s east earlier this year...
Violent unrest grows:  Greek-inspired protests spread across Europe
European democracy: Ireland who rejected the Lisbon treaty in 2008 will have to vote for it again in 2009 and again and again and again until they do exactly what Brussels tells them to do
Countries Ranked by Political Corruption
Bodies pile up as Mugabe wages war on diamond miners
Russia May Join OPEC??
Kick Ass Retired Marine Corps General who has repeatedly beaten the U.S. Navy in wargames lays out his strategy for defeating the pirates
Worlds most valuable resource, a curse for most Nigerians. Though Nigeria is one of worlds richest oil states; people are among poorest in world
GREEK UNREST SPREADS - Solidarity Protests Across Europe Turn Violent
There is no cholera in this country - Mugabe
A Chain Reaction of Proliferation: How each country got its bombs, visualized.
Strike Cripples Riot Torn Greece - Government Hangs by Fraying Threads
 Blast at Iraq restaurant kills 47 
Study Reports Anal Sex on Rise Among Teens.  Go teens go! 
A Terrorist Gets the Judicial Middle Finger
Mumbai attacks: honest Mumbai ex police officer exposes the corruption and lack of motivation in the police force. Swifter action and better equipment could have prevented attack
Think that Zimbabwes problems are all caused by Mugabe, with the West as innocent bystander? Think again
Caylees skeletal remains found - Now will Nancy Grace shut up?
India unveils plans for new FBI-style security service
Jamaica: Gangs oust 200 people from homes
Pakistan police detain founder of group blamed for Mumbai terror
Lawyers march as more dissidents are snatched in Zimbabwe
The priceless expressions of an Australian family that ate some poo.
Wal-Mart Takes Accident Victims Legal Winnings
President Mugabe, you are under arrest on charges of torture. Mugabes jaw dropped. His face was contorted with fear.
Shocking pictures of a policeman on fire after a petrol bomb was thrown at him
UK Home Secretary : Time to tackle the non-violent extremists
SEC warned, Madoff Securities is the world\s largest Ponzi Scheme. In 1999.
Office of lawyer defending Greek boys killers ransacked
Russian MPs vote to scrap juries for terror and treason cases
Russia has scrapped the right to trial by jury for people accused of organising violent crime, terrorism and civil unrest.
Zimbabwe blames cholera on British biological weapon
Indian navy foils a hijack attemp on a merchant vessel by Somali pirates, this time the pirates avoid being blown up.
Christmas Party Death:  Canadian shoots and kills former boss
800 dogs die in kennel flood
Navy:1 and Pirates:0. CNN:Indian navy captures 23 pirates,their ship,7 AK-47s and prevents 1 hijacking.
First the UK, now Germany:  German Internet Watchdog To Remove URLs To Virgin Killer From Search Engines
Mugabe: Cholera is biological attack by west. 
A loose global network of battle-hardened former soldiers and their relatives, the Pink Panthers, have been organizing diamond heists around the world.
Deep in the land of the Taliban
Her limbs were found at the home of a witch doctor  who fled cops following a tip-off
Guitarist stabbed 50 times by bandmates in Italy
Ecuador defaults on foreign debt 
Pentagon May Have Mixed Propaganda With PR?
Arundhati Roy: On a day when the newspapers were full of moving obituaries by beautiful people about the hotel rooms they stayed in, hunger in India got only a small box in the corner. 
6 alleged Islamic extremists charged in Belgium
Jellyfish gone wild ruin international tourist destinations
Muslim lawyer Anjem Choudary brands Christmas evil
A crash as historic as the end of communism
Shoe-thrower faces up to 7yrs for offending the head of a foreign state
Spectacular Images of 2008 
*CBC Probe* -Tasers Tested Fire Stonger Current than Company Says
Man kidnaps child and trains him to kill black people.
Icelandic government preparing a lawsuit on the British government, what will  the reactions of Britain be??  Did Britain cause the enormous bank collapse in Iceland?
Washington on the dead US soldiers who served in Iraq: It is regrettable that they had to die, Gaffney said, but I believe they did have to die
Greek youths hang protest banners from Acropolis
Russia provides 10 MiG fighter jets to Lebanon for free
Al-Zaidi faces up to 15 years in prison for hurling shoes at Bush
U.N.: Militaries can pursue Somali pirates on land
were now at 200+ banks bailed out
Awww, now I feel bad for being a pirate
I thought GM needed money from the government?  Why are they building in China!?!
Sarkozy concerned about spread of Greek uprising: The French love it when I\m in a carriage with Carla, but at the same time they\ve guillotined a king.
Interview with Nikos R., friend of Alexandros Grigoropoulos
Resistance - Greek protestors on Parthenon (pic)
Greek protesters unfurl banners at the Acropolis as riot damages reach $1.3 billion.
Israels Army says Gaza militants fire 9 rockets at Israel
A Dutch dictionary company says Web visitors have voted swaffelen -- an English slang verb meaning to swing one\s exposed penis -- as the word of the year. 
Minnesota to Somalia: The Kinkos Crusade [Warnerd]
The Armenian Genocide: (Video) This is a compelling documentary which focuses as much on Turkeys remarkable efforts to deny the massacre - which includes killing those who speak of it even today. 
Out With the Coal &amp; Oil, In With the Geothermal in East Africas Rift Valley
SEC Missing In Action on Financial Crisis Had Knowledge of Madoff Wrongdoing 9 Years Ago
SAfrica refuses to join growing calls for Mugabe to quit
US Military and Western Mainstream Media try to conceal War Crimes in Fallujah 
Hell on Earth, this is a city of ShipBreakers. 
Full text of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejads Christmas message
The economic crisis, right wing government and riots push Greece to the edge. There is talk of revolution and even the old-fashioned Communist Party of Greece (KKE) is stirring. 
The Right To Food
Love and Support: A relative living and working in the UK supports eight families back in Somalia with the money he makes
Israel warns Hamas will pay heavy price
Merry Christmas to the United Kingdom Redditors, and all others in the GMT timezone!
The full text of a Christmas message from Irans president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
Mission Accomplished: For first time, Christmas official holiday in Iraq
Merry Christmas From After Hours Friends
Man accused of smuggling mummies
Das Kapital manga reaches Japanese bookstores: chronicles factory run by son who rebels against his father\s socialist principles and becomes a slave driver
Dozens held over Tibet rumours
suigle not google ! a new search engine for houses
Britons admit sedition charges
Ahmadinejad\s Queen for a day message
Mormon and former Utah state trooper apparently committed a series of roadway shootings before attempting suicide; He also allegedly shot liquid at woman, temporarily blinding her
Sometimes Blogs Are a Good Thing
IDF preparing for Gaza op
Is war with Pakistan the only option?
 Guinea coup leaders tighten grip 
In the midst of the Madoff debacle, Hamas attacks Israel and the ADL whines that the world must support Israel
Pakistan: Joint left demonstration against India-Pakistan war drive
IJF Condemns Death Threats Against Pakistani Journalist Ansar Abbasi
Israels Aerial Weapon against Hamas {VIDEO}
120 reportedly killed in Israeli strikes on Gaza
Just a reminder that in November 2007 the US Government ordered Firefighters to Spy on Americans: Fahrenheit 451 is not make-believe any more
Nokia Maps show Kashmir as part of Pakistan; Hindu nationalist mobs riot and burn down Nokia shops
Britain and US refuse to demand end to Israeli airstrikes on Gaza
Its not rape if she is my daughter. In Mexico, incest is considered a crime against the family, not the victim and the underage victim is initially considered as much a criminal as the rapist.
Israeli air strikes target Gaza: Residents in the Gaza Strip say Israeli F-16 bombers have launched a series of air strikes into the territory.
UK continues down path of 1984, wanting to censor all English language pages on the internet and exempt parents from responsibility.
Do not forget, that s Israel is killing hundreds, supposedly to protect itself from Hamas, Israel created Hamas in the first place
The BBC takes a look inside Gaza.  Finds malnutrition and shortages 
More than 150 Palestinians Killed and Hundreds Injured in Israeli Air Raid
A woman found bound in the trunk of her own car may have been there for well over a week.  The good news:  Shes ALIVE!
Israel Set for Gaza Invasion After Rocket Barrage
Canada, U.S. agree to use each others troops in civil emergencies
Harold Pinter on US hubris and bullying
Israeli air strikes in Gaza Strip kill 155
AFP: Casulties in Gaza are at least 225, more than 700 wounded. 
When War breaks out between India and Pakistan who would win?
Saudi Human Rights Council Launches Womens Rights Campaign
Eurosceptic and climate change sceptic becomes EU President
As Taliban nears Kabul, shadow govt takes hold
Destroy all terrorist camps in Pakistan, Indian Muslims urge Indian Govt
Saudi Columnist Calls for End of Religious Police, Newspaper Fires Him
Whats going on here?  Condi Rice gets over $300,000 worth of jewels from Arab leaders.
Samuel Huntington dies. 
Main stream media vs. corporate media , a distinction and a difference
Greece: Union activist loses her eye in acid attack. Her supporters blockade company. Riot police forced to run leaving shields, helmets and even shoes behind.
Israel has been in violation of international law since 1967, protected by the United States veto of UN Resolutions condemning Israel for its violent, inhumane, barbaric, and illegal acts.
Zbigniew Brzezinski to Joe Scarborough on Gaza: You know, you have such a stunningly superficial knowledge of what went on that it\s almost embarrassing to listen to you.
Iceland after the fall
Russia is to shut off gas supplies to Ukraine, raising fears of European energy shortages
Video about living conditions in Gaza (from 2007)
Here is a simple, stone cold fact. You cannot read or hear the truth about what is happening in Gaza from any corporate media in the United States.
MP wins support to ban topless sunbathing on Aussie beaches
The IL Gov scandal is wrong, but almost EVERY election/bill/decision victory is directly correlated to the amount of money spent.  So, what ISNT for sale?
While everyone was focusing on Israel and Hamas, a terrorist organization elsewhere killed 189. Is a Palestinians life more noteworthy than these peoples?
Christmas Massacres - Ugandan rebels kill 400 in DR Congo
Sex offenders must hand over online passwords
Some Myths about Israels Attacks on Gaza
Does anybody really think Israel would be a peaceful nation even if the Palestinians gave all of their land to Israel?
This Sun Times story was censored for political reasons. No shit. Go ahead. Try to find the original. 
The original, legal owners of the Israeli land on which Hamas rockets are detonating live in Gaza.
The Emperor IS Naked - The story behind the Gaza initiative
Iran shuts down leading reformist newspaper for criticizing Hamas attacks and human shield use
Volunteer suicide bombers seek to attack Israel
Over 70,000 deaths, and over 1 million disabilities among American soldiers attributed to Iraq Wars
Brigitte Bardot\s Hate Crime Against Islam - Freedom of speach abolished in France (and in most of Europe)
Israel calls Gazans to warn them to flee for their safety
Israel: If this is how the Children of God act, what are the Children of the Devil,
ABC News: All (Illegal Immigrants) Aboard ICE Air
Polygamy in the UK : Woman didnt know new husband was already married.
Former Army Employee Pleads Guilty to Acting as Israeli Spy
Graphic pictures of what the Israeli war machine does to Palestinians.
Icelandic TV program featuring PM forced off the air when a torch-wielding crowd stormed Reykjaviks Hotel Borg in an attempt to get to the studio. A torch-wielding crowd. Sweet.
Gazprom cuts off Ukraines gas supply.
IDF Claims to have Hit Hamas Truck, Human Rights Group Finds 8 Civilians Dead and No Hamas
Daniel Barenboim: If Hamas is destroyed, a more radical group will replace it. Israels security depends on wiser action
Israel and Gaza - Pictures
Greece: The left is full of puppet organizations that defer and defend the right and the existing order. The Greek people have no alternative but starting from scratch. 
The land is fertile, the rain is falling, but the agricultural system has been destroyed by Robert Mugabe
UK telecom firm severs ties with Israeli company due to Gaza attacks
Gazas tunnel economy collapses in bombing raids
Rotten state of Egypt too powerless and corrupt to act
No wonder it burnt to the ground - Cellphone footage shows hundreds of sparklers inside Bangkok club minutes before Deadly fire
In Pictures: Massacre of Gazan Children 
New Norway law bans buying of sex 
Israel stifles free press covering Gaza
Extreme seismic conditions return to yellowstone - Could be a big big bang for the new year!
Israel kills top Hamas figure, escalating campaign
*warning: may contain shocking images* Full Footage of the fire at Bangkok Nightclub Santika
Israelis, Hamas continue bombing reddit. Cease-fire demanded.
Nothing like a fresh Israeli offensive to bring out the Jew in me
Russia prepares to halt gas supplies to Ukraine
Vanity Fair: An Oral History of the Bush White House - an amazing collection of interviews
Israel Rejects Cease-Fire, but Offers Gaza Aid
The Arab Conscience: A 40 minute song performed by many major Arab pop singers. The Woodstock of this generation in the Arab world, according to Juan Cole.
Australia refuses Bush administration request to house Guantanamo detainees
Propaganda war: trusting what we see?
CNN: US weapons killing innocent civilians in Gaza
Let us not forget that it was Israel, which in fact created Hamas Historian at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem
Northern Ireland man discovers secret of invisibility
Lynndie England: Life after Abu Ghrai
Zimbabwean lawyer: Law has broken down - CNN.com
Nobel Peace Prize laureate Shirin Ebadi of Iran is threatened at her home 
Beijing moves to stifle reform calls, called the most significant of its kind for at least a decade and possibly since the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests. 
Israels Goal - Ending Hamas Rule, Rocket Fire, or Both 
Memo to Israel: Dropping Leaflets and Sending Text Messages Wont Abosolve You of War Crimes
Gang rapes lesbian
The Cost of Governing Afghanistan
Israel expels UN rights envoy Richard Falk - Dec 17 08
Who Gets U.S. Foreign Aid
Hamas PM Ismail Haniyeh at war with Israel  and his own rivals
Police have dispersed crowds of demonstrators who gathered near the Israeli embassy in London, following a day of protests across the UK.
Sri Lanka bombs Tigers in north after fall of HQ
Israel bombs market in Gaza (warning: graphic)
We Believe This was a Legitimate Target - IDF Kills 8 Civilians, 4 Under the Age of 18
Queen goes green as her 10million Bentleys are converted to run on biofuel
Living in fear in Gaza City!
Israeli Troops Launch Attack on Gaza
Shut down al-Jazeera - The situation on the ground is directly affected by the nature of al-Jazeera reports. [Ynet Opinion Piece]
Why is Israel so brutal in a nutshell - from The Independent
Anyone know if this is true?
British Govt wants private firms to build $12b super database for tracking every citizens Internet usage, phone call,  text message, and other transactions
Israeli Tank fire kills dozens at UN School. Tank fire. School.
Bush Aides: Historians will judge Bush. Redditors and the rest of the world: The Hague War Crimes Tribunal will judge Bush
Russia has cut off all Europes gas supplies, says Ukraine
Israel, not the Palestinians, has opposed international UN monitors in the conflict since Oslo
Venezuela expels Israel envoy over Gaza attacks
This is what happens on the streets of Israel if your not a jew. They obviously love Americans.
Israeli soldiers entered their building and told them to evacuate to another building. They evacuted and moved to another place for shelter.  Israel bombs their shelter.
Almost a third of the 689 Palestinians killed in Israel\s Gaza offensive are children ... Meanwhile, Israel\s Foreign Minister Livni says that there is no humanitarian crisis in Gaza
UN: No Hamas Fighters in Bombed Gaza School
Red Crescent ambulanceman killed and two others wounded as ambulances come under Israeli fire in Gaza:  International Red Cross 
Jewish Women Occupy Israeli Consulate in Toronto
Digg vs. Reddit prespective on Israel Gaza conflict
Obamas comments on Gaza not being reported in the US media?
We cannot promote a fuel anymore which is used as a weapon by some countries and certain corporations against consumers.
Gazprom Halts Gas Supply to Europe Via Ukraine Pipes
As temperatures fall to below freezing, Russia cuts off gas supply to Europe
Middle East observers felt a sense of dja vu as Israeli tank shells slammed into a United Nations school near Gaza City
Financial Fraud in Satyam Computers Brings its Shares as low as Rupees 30.70/share
While we merrily sip their water, a third of Fijians have no clean water at all
At least someone has balls. I hope it is the start.
Temperatures in Germany fell as low as minus 25 degrees Celsius on Monday night and the weather is expected to remain Arctic for several days.
Time to stfu and listen: Infowars predicted financial meltdown long before you could scream tinfoil hat
Sarkozy says Israel and the Palestinian Authority have accepted a truce plan for Gaza announced by Egypt on Tuesday.
Vatican reveals list of worst sins. Desecrating the eucharist outranks genocide. That says it all.
BBC\s Paxman vs. Israeli spokesman:  You were told this was a UN facility
Israel in Gaza increasingly seen as Rogue State by EU, Red Cross, Lancet. As of Thursday morning, the Israelis have now killed 1038 and wounded 4850 Palestinians. 
 Israels free ride ends - As Israel pulverises Gaza, questions about Israeli policy becoming more prominent in American media
More government corruption - Arrogant MPs pass new law (in 24 hours) to keep details of expenses secret
 Israel breaking law with Gaza war  
Israeli phosphorous shells incinerate 1,000s of tons of UN food as Gaza starves
President of Israel Shimon Peres: The goal of the Gaza operation was to provide a strong blow to the **people** of Gaza.
Did you know?  Israeli Government used to love Hamas because it weakened the Secular Palestinians.
Turkeys Prime Minister has called for Israel to be barred from the UN as long as it ignores international calls to stop war on Gaza.
Killed by Israel, Eaten by Dogs -The emergency doctor could not believe himself seeing the remains of what was days back Shahd, a full-fleshed 4-year-old Palestinian girl.
Israeli parlament disqualifies two Arab parties from running in elections.
A politician with balls tells the truth about Gaza: The West has double standards when it comes to Israel
Jeremy Paxman Grills Israeli Ambassador To The UK
Gazans including 5 month baby ran over by Israelis driving a 70 ton tanks
UN says IDF shelled three hospitals yesterday, one of them twice
Rights group: Israeli fire indiscriminate
When Israel expelled Palestinians
Eighty-six percent of those killed in Gaza were civilians
They\re wiping out entire families
NY Times fears the assault on Gaza has passed the point of diminishing returns!  [Gee, no surprise that the comments are running 7 to 1 against the Times and against Israel]
UKs Trident nuclear missiles are 20bn waste of money, say generals
Congolese villagers are forming self-defence groups to protect homes and families from Ugandan Lords Resistance Army (LRA) rebels
An open letter from 20 British Muslims leaders
Inquiries Support Olmerts Version of Rice-Shaming Incident | News From Antiwar.com
Israeli farmers beginning to feel the sting of worldwide boycott.
Iraq / Shoes: he was very happy when he heard that all the Iraqis support him. He even cried when he heard that there were demonstrations on his behalf even in the United States
The Dutch have Started Boycotting Israeli Products!
Video: extraordinary scenes at Israeli newscast as a Palestinian doctor, a Hebrew-speaking physician who spoke regularly on Israeli television, said three of his children were killed in a tank strike 
Israeli Chief Rabbi: If they don\t stop after we kill 100, then we must kill 1,000. If they don\t stop after 1,000 then we must kill 10,000, 100,000, even a million.
My grandmother was ill in bed when the Nazis came to her home and shot her dead in her bed. She did not die to provide cover for Israeli soldiers murdering Palestinian grandmothers in Gaza
Gaza - What it looks like to have white phosphorus raining down on you.  [PIC]
The Israelis are bombing and attacking all around the hospital. We cant get out. Theres fire, and were trapped inside. The water has been cut off
Dr. Izz el-Deen Aboul Aish, who gave frequent interviews to the Israeli media, was minutes away from giving another when he called anchorman Shlomi Eldar, hysterical with grief.
Israelis targeting of journalists results in calls of boycott  by the foreign press.
Israeli Anchorwoman blamed for empathizing with people in Gaza
In Iowa, a 32-year-old man may spend 20 years in prison for possession of Japanese manga and will face penalties under the PROTECT Act (18 U.S.C. Section 1466A). 
Once again: Israel shells *ANOTHER* UN school in Gaza 
Journalists call Israeli foreign minister Livni terrorist during Washington, D.C. press conference on Gaza attack
UK Jewish MP: Israel acting like Nazis in Gaza
Israeli military action in Gaza is comparable to that of German soldiers during the Holocaust, a Jewish UK lawmaker whose family suffered at the hands of the Nazis has claimed
  \t  US journalists call Livni a terrorist
The Palestinians say: This is a war of extermination
An Israeli airstrike has killed a woman and child sheltering in a UN-run school in northern Gaza
Israel attacks U.N. school, kills six
UN: Gaza Conflict Will Have Long-Lasting Psychological Impact on Children
Israeli television broadcast desperate cries for help from a Hebrew speaking Palestinian doctor on Friday after his children were killed in an Israeli attack 
Germany IS About To Have Its Worst Recession Since WWII
Jewish British MP Gerald Kaufman compares Israel to the Nazis &amp; accuses them of exploiting Holocaust 
Palestinian Astrophysicist in US Recounts How His 11-Year-Old Son Died When Israeli Warplanes Bombed His Familys House
Huh? The NYTimes publishes an Op-Ed by Libyan leader Muammar Qaddafi.  Strangely, it actually makes sense:  The One-State Solution
Outcry Erupts Over Reports That Israel Used Phosphorus Arms on Gazans
Israeli court overturns ban on Arab political parties. Bigots struggle with outcome
Naomi Klein responds to criticism of her call for a boycott of Israel
Two young girls shot dead; a third - 4 years old - shot and suffered critical spinal injuries, may never walk again. One by one, slowly. This is the Israeli army in action.
Heartwarming video of 7/7 survivor speaking on the erosion of UK civil liberties
Zionism is not merely a political movement, but in its essence represents a deeply disturbed view of the world, which is a reflection of a terrible disease of the mind.
Israeli soldier shot dead my two little daughters after ordering them to leave their home
Phosphorus shells hit Gaza UN school
I certainly believe that the Jews deserve their own state. But my feelings are about a hundred times stronger that Native Americans deserve THEIR own state, too.
Olbermann Bushed:Bush and Rumsfeld investigated by UN for torture
Greece: Relatively conservative local residents of Larissa form human shield, preventing riot police charge on demonstrators.
Death penalty over Chinese milk scandal!!
Greenwald schools Atlantic writer and Glenn (Instapundit) Reynolds on the basics about Guantanamo legal issues
Children Buried Alive in the Amazon
Obama orders Guantanamo closure
Chinese Dont Fuck Around: Death Sentences in Chinese Milk Case
Teargas released at Austurvollur - first time since 1949 that teargas is released in Iceland
Britain will go bankrupt - learn Chinese and move to China, says investment guru
Israelis donate food, clothes to Gazans
21 Must-Know Facts about Iraq + Map
Congress Stops Second Bailout:  Where was Congress in the last 8 Years.
We were not expecting such a quick call from President Obama, but we knew how serious he is about the Palestinian problem,
9/11 Families Outraged by Obama Call to Suspend Guantanamo War Crimes Trials -- FOXNEWS up to no good -- 
British squatters new home - 30million Park Lane mansions !
David Attenborough reveals creationist hate mail for not crediting God
Israel admits to using White Phosphorus in Gaza
Bolivians yesterday approved a new constitution granting more power to the countrys indigenous majority and rolling back half a millennium of colonialism, discrimination and humiliation.
 Israeli army rabbi gave out hate leaflet to troops entering Gaza
Leningrad Siege: Now and Then [PIC]
Jacques Monin: The British are obsessed with money, drowning in debt and morally bankrupt
U.N.: At least 230,000 civilians are trapped directly in the path of the fighting in Sri Lanka\s campaign against the Tamil Tigers.
Hundreds of ciitzens killed in warzone, but unable to leave as army attacks.  This isnt Gaza so who cares?
Rumor: The word on the street here in Iceland is that Jhanna Sigurardttir will be appointed the next prime minister. If so she will become the first openly homosexual head of government. 
60 Minutes: Is Israels free ride almost over? | The Smirking Chimp
Gaza Horror: Updated Large Photo Gallery of Gaza Massacre by Israel 
The UN Crime and Drug Watchdog Has Indications That Money Made in Illicit Drug Trade Has Been Used to Keep Banks Afloat in the Global Financial Crisis
Proposed U.K. Legislation wipe out the personal privacy of everyone in Britain at a single stroke
War on Gaza is pushing the Mid East, from the Israelis to the Saudis, to extremes. Saudis and Iranians are considering allying in response to the strikes
The Torture Ban that Doesnt Ban Torture
London Police Running from Muslim Protesters
Border Bombing, Air Strikes Mar Gaza Truce
Two killed in Gaza border clash
im not sure if im more surprised that 1b people are using the internet or that the other 5b arent
Left to die: Thai army was operating a dump-at-sea policy - one Thai military source, after extensive questioning, on treatment of refugees.
Dont get taken alive, Israeli soldiers told
Auschwitz decays -- Former death camp crumbling away for lack of funding
Four generations of an Icelandic family had lost everything and wanted help to build a gallows in front of the parliament building so a member of the family could hang himself in public
Gaza fund donations double after TV channels broadcast appeal
Susan Solomon, one of the worlds top climate scientists, finds in her new study that global warming is now irreversible
Dear Reddit, please give this some attention: Conflict and humanitarian crisis in the Democratic Republic of Congo have taken the lives of 5.4 million people since 1998 and continue to leave as many as 45,000 dead every month
Russia scraps plan to deploy nuclear-capable missiles in Kaliningrad. Move comes after Barack Obama administration says it will review Pentagons proposed defence shield in central Europe 
5 countries on the verge of following Iceland to economic ruin
Brainwashed: Dont Trust U.S. Mainstream News
Israeli settlements expanded faster in 2008
Israeli troops killed Gaza children carrying white flag, witnesses say 
A federal judge says being a cook for the Taliban is reason enough for the U.S. military to hold a Yemen man as an enemy combatant at Guantanamo Bay.
Peanut Processor Knowingly Sold Tainted Products: It Found Salmonella 12 Times in the last 2 years alone.
Ministers Have Been Ordered To Release Minutes Of The Cabinet Meetings Which Discussed The 2003 Invasion Of Iraq
Obamas $30 Billion Pledge to Israel at AIPAC
Footage of Gaza villages literally wiped off the map.
Obama, come to Israel. Be a true friend. Save us from ourselves! ... Touching message from an Israeli woman to Obama 
Israeli soldiers leave racist graffiti on Gaza homes: Death to Arabs, One down, 999,999 to go, Make war not peace, Die you all.
Iranian leader Ahmadinejad demands US apology for past US crimes
CIA Station Chief In Algeria Accused Of Raping At Least 2 Muslim Women
UN official urges an investigation into Israels apparent contraventions of international law, including direct attacks on U.N. personnel and facilities
3,000 Dead As Cholera Crisis In Zimbabwe Worsens
At border crossing, drivers and truckloads of aid for Gaza go nowhere.  
UK Government must release cabinet minutes on lead-up to Iraq war
We are farmers. We are not resistance And 29 were killed. 
We never used to accept that our foreign policy ever had any effect on terrorism, he said. Well, that was clearly bollocks.
 LA Jews Shut Down Israeli Consulate to Protest Siege on Gaza: jan 14 2009 
Stephen Hawking talks about Gaza solution 
ICRC: Crisis unfolding in Sri Lanka
Israeli strikes leave Blair project with 140m repairs
Dubai in Deep Doo-Doo
You are killing people. Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has stormed off the stage at the World Economic Forum in Davos after an argument with Israel\s president. 
World gets its first gay head of state
Zimbabwe abandons its currency
The operating permission for the firm Blackwater will not be renewed. Its chance is zero, said Alaa al-Taie, head of the press department at Iraq\s Interior Ministry.
Soleful tribute: Bush shoe-throwing now a work of art
The Ministry of Defence turned large parts of the country into a giant laboratory to conduct a series of secret germ warfare tests on the public
NATO top commander issues instruction to kill drug suspects without evidence of link to insurgency. Generals refuse.
CBS runs an (shock!) impartial documentary on Israel
Israeli Government-Organized Bloggers Fight Propaganda War
U.S. professors call for academic, cultural boycott of Israel for first time 
 Turkish PM storms off in Gaza row 
Israel feels left out by financial crisis, tries to warn us about Iran. How pathetic.
Ahmadinejad: Obama Must Allow Investigation of 9/11....
Switzerland is prepared to consider accepting prisoners released from Guantnamo
Israel Still Blocking Humanitarian Aid into Gaza: The Genocide Continues
Russia And China Slam U.S. Economic System, Blaming It For Financial Crisis
 Iceland appoints worlds first openly lesbian PM
Criminalising dissent: France loses distinction between terrorism and sabotage.
Erdogan, The last ethical politicain, stormed out of a heated debate in Davos over Gaza;  
Britain faces worst year since 1930s, warns IMF
Britain has unveiled plans to provide universal broadband access.
Peace Recedes as Israeli Settlements Expand
Latest entry from our redditor in Somalia
Israel kidnaps more civilians in West Bank  
Israel admits to killing peace activist Doctors daughters with tank fire but claims their actions were reasonable 
6-foot-4, schooled in the martial arts, able to speak 6 Arabic dialects, and a convert to Islam, Andrew Warren seemed the perfect spy for the war on terror. Then they discovered hes a serial rapist.
Controversial Bestseller Shakes the Foundation of the Israeli State
UN says Hamas seized Gaza food aid and blankets
Israel to build a new settlement on West bank
Israeli Jews\ consciousness is characterized by a sense of victimization, a siege mentality, blind patriotism, belligerence, self-righteousness, dehumanization of the Palestinians and insensitivity to their suffering.
The state of Israel is not Jews; Jews are not the state of Israel.  Dont attack synagogues for what Israel does; dont fail to critisize Israel out of guild for Holocaust.
BREAKING: Shoe-attack on Israeli ambassador during lecture at Stockholm University
Why is the BBC obsessed with making working-class people seem racist?
Tehran enters the space age, 
EU envoy: Israel must ease aid restrictions on hell-like Gaza - Haaretz
UN: Hamas police seized food aid and blankets from needy Gazans
Today, Kyrgyzstan began moves to close a U.S. military air base which is vital for supplying U.S.-led troops fighting in Afghanistan.
Sri Lankan hospital shelled for ninth time
Megaphone: Israels other sicko war weapon
Judge allows medicinal pot plots
Benjamin Netanyahu: no territory concession to Palestinians
Extremist rabbis and their followers, bent on waging holy war against the Palestinians, are taking over the Israeli army by stealth
Passengers Revolt Against Drunk Aeroflot Pilot on Flight to NYC  Panic Ensues 
Art in Africa that only Google Earth can see
Could the United States Be Kicked Out of Kyrgyz Air Base?
In Afghanistan, as in Vietnam, we may win every battle but still not win the war. The nation is a deeply-divided, semi-failed state, with an incompetent, corrupt govt held to be illegitimate by a large portion of its population. 
Documentary on the Most Dangerous Area in Afghanistan - The War is Not Over
Military court: Egyptian Islamist politician faces trial for crossing Gaza tunnel
IDF strikes Hamas targets after Grad hits Ashkelon 
UK House of Lords:  British Surveillance Greatest Threat to Democracy since Hitler
Irish long-distance runner makes history as the worlds first athlete to run seven consecutive marathons on seven continents in less than seven days.
School bully picks on kid one too many times. Receives multiple stab wounds for his trouble.
UK\s huge rise in surveillance and data collection by the state and other organisations risks undermining the long-standing traditions of privacy and individual freedom which are vital for democracy, 
Electronic surveillance and collection of personal data are pervasive in British society and threaten to undermine democracy, peers have warned.
Letters Prove US Warning to Cut Off Intel to England If the UK Discloses Torture Info
Vladimir Putin wants world banks to wipe out $500b in Russian company debt. Garry Kasparav says they shouldn\t: By rejecting Putin\s agenda, the world can send a clear signal to Russia\s elites not to bet on the old regime. That would improve the chances for a peaceful transition. 
Detailed accounts of Israelis using Gazan civilians as human shields 
In Paris, an anti-advertising insurgency grows
Neoconservatism, in large part, is simply about enabling the most irredentist elements in Israel and sustaining a permanent war against anyone or any country who disagrees with the Israeli right
Texas U.S. Congressman says the Republican party will have to be come an insurgency and added that the Taliban can serve as a model
George Mitchell and the end of the two-state solution: Israels settlement growth means we have to find a different plan
Jewish settlers terrorising arabs at their door
High Tech Misery in China: The Dehumanization of Young Workers Producing Our Computer Keyboards
Professor at French Defense Intelligence College fired for 9/11 opinions
Sweden lifts 30-yr ban on nuclear power  
UN halts Gaza aid over thefts
No kissing please, we are Indians
Kyrgyzstan says its decision to close a US base that serves as a vital supply route for US and Nato operations in Afghanistan is final. 
As US combat deaths fall, record numbers of soldiers take their own lives
Afghanistan threatening to align with Russia?
Days Before Israels Election: Uber Nationalistic, Far Right Party Joining Frontrunners.
Islamic Countries use UN Human Rights Council to Attack Canada.....
Influx of Big Content lawyers at DoJ: cause for concern?
Recordings show pilot stayed cool before Hudson landing
Why Canada may be the financial capital of the world here shortly. 
Yahya says he used to go to university and wanted to be a teacher one day. Now I will have a life of hospitals. I know I will just need medical care forever.As we left the room, we found Yahya\s elder brother outside, wiping away tears.  
Israel trying to make Obama its bitch. Will he stand up to them?
Police Seize UK Indymedia Server
Ecuadors President Rafael Correa on Saturday ordered the expulsion of a US official from the country, accusing him of treating the country like a colony.
The American military helped plan and pay for a recent attack on a notorious Ugandan rebel group, but the offensive went awry, scattering fighters who carried out a wave of massacres as they fled, killing as many as 900 civilians.
Johann Hari: The nightmare of Netanyahu returns
I want a man like Putin
Man avoids execution because court cant tell which twin is which
The medieval price an author pays for insulting Thailands monarchy
Putin denies dancing to Abba hits
Taliban fighters beheaded a Polish hostage in Pakistan Saturday, according to a spokesman for the militants who said the body wouldnt be handed over until some captured Taliban were released.
Arrests over Israel boycott in Tesco\s (video) The two filled their trollies with dates, fresh herbs, fruit and salads. The trollies, full of produce were up-turned at the supermarket entrance and covered in fake blood to represent the lives lost in Gaza.
BBC World Poll results: As was the case last year, Iran, Israel and Pakistan are the three countries rated most negatively. [pdf]
US Helped Plan And Finance Failed Rout Of Ugandan Rebels That Led To Massacre of 900+ Civilians
Police kill many in Madagascar
As Sri Lanka Fighting Seems Near an End, Fears Rise Over What Comes Next
Is Japan actually in worse financial shape than everyone except Iceland and Eastern European countries?
Never forget: Obama is doubling troop levels in Afghanistan to fight the Taliban, a regime the United States helped create and take over Afghanistan in the first place.
Startled Iraqis welcome,sort of, their first tourist
Italian tourist visits Falluja
Flashmob of ATM crooks scores $9 million in 49 cities 
Media: 14 killed in Australian wildfires 
Hidden Truth for Every One!!Burning of the Unarmed Civilians in Gaza
Kissinger held secret talks in Russia
Christians in Jerusalem want Jews to stop spitting on them 
Israeli high court rules that village in the supposedly Palestinian controlled West Bank be demolished, settlements are to be developed in the area
Israeli forces are carrying out a policy of shooting at the legs of peaceful demonstrators. Defense minister Yitzak Rabin ordered his soldiers to break the bones of young protesters.
Tens of thousands of U.S. guns missing in Afghanistan
Luo Ping, a director-general at the China Banking Regulatory Commission, We hate you guys. Once you start issuing $1 trillion-$2 trillion. . .we know the dollar is going to depreciate, so we hate you guys but there is nothing much we can do.
Aussie films house burning down, says I lost everything, but I saved me dog and that\s all I was worried about and sets off to help his neighbours
Dutch MP and anti-Islam filmmaker banned from entering UK
3 women kidnap, gangrape man for 4 days in Karachi, Pakistan
Amazon selling rape game
Belief in evolution: In 2008 14% of people agreed that man evolved over millions of years, up from 9% in 1982. Only Turkey is less accepting of the theory than USA. 
$550 Billion Dollar Bank Run - Collapse Of The Entire World Economy In 24 hours
Venezuelas Chavez reports attempted Coup against his palace - he says - by the U.S
Putin warns US about socialism: Excessive intervention in economic activity and blind faith in the state\s omnipotence is another possible mistake.
A Dutch MP who called the Koran a fascist book is to be sent back to the Netherlands after attempting to defy a ban on entering the UK. 
Pakistan has admitted for the first time that the November attacks on Indias financial hub Mumbai, in which 179 people died, were partly planned in Pakistan.
Key ingredients of Thai food declared Hazardous
Spirit of Sixties revived as student protests at links with Israel spread - The Scotsman
Pakistan acknowledged for the first time that the Mumbai terrorist attacks were launched from its shores
Hampshire College Becomes First College In The United States To Divest from the Israeli Occupation!
Israeli Election: U.S. Declares Support For Any Israeli Government Formed
Out of control Russian satellite collides with US communications satellite; debris pose possible threat to ISS and other satellites
Sexual violence during the Armenian genocide: The Turks cut off their victims genitals, made them march naked, or circumcised Armenian men they had forcibly converted to Islam
Pakistan admits India attack link
Scientists studying the DNA of Neanderthals say they can find no evidence that this ancient species ever interbred with modern humans
US military faulted on weapons tracking. One third of all US arms to Afghanistan are at serious risk of theft or loss.
We are all extremists now - The government is criminalising legitimate dissent under the guise of fighting \extremism\, a word for which it has no definition.
Oh, Canada. When statements are said that God probably does not exist, this is an implied statement of hatred towards all those who do believe that God exists.
Giant rat caught in China 
Cousin of 9/11 Hijacker Arrested as Israeli Spy
Libertys death by a thousand cuts.
Laid-Off Foreigners Flee as Dubai Spirals Down
Dolphins ask for human help.
Grade 4 assignment: Imagine you have three spaces in a rocket ship and you have to decide which person to save: an Acadian francophone, a Chinese person, a black African, an English person and an aboriginal person.
Cousin of 9/11 hijacker arrested spying for Israel
The mystery of Irelands worst driver
US congressmen express shock at Gaza devastation
Iraqi shoe throwers trial begins with cheers
A woman who had steel plates inserted into her back managed to smuggle a gun and explosives into a maximum security prison to help two inmates escape.
Poll: Swedes say no bailout for Saa
Israel Says It Will Unseal Gaza Only if Soldier Is Freed 
Sweden Warns Israeli Taekwondo Team to Stay Home Because 10,000 Muslims Have Threatened to Attack Them.....
European cocaine prices dropping like a stone 
Zimbabwe starts paying soldiers and other government workers in US dollars
The people who stayed here did not immigrate here. This is our country. This state came here and was enforced on the ruins of my nation. -Azmi Bishara, an Arab Israeli and former member of the Knesset
Israel:  Police want to question Israeli extremist and future government minister Lieberman over alleged massive fraud.
Sweden accepts ex-Guantanamo inmate
GM Says Its the End for Saturn
Saudi Arabia cabinet reshuffle. Norah al-Faiz becomes first female minister. She still cant drive to work, though.
AIDS becomes Chinas deadliest infectious disease
China concerned after Russia fires on ship
The Anti-Bono: Please No More African Aid
Israeli terror victims want to sell ancient persian relics and take the money as compensation for Irans complicity in suicide bombing attacks - theyve won a 412 million dollar settlement in US courts
Turkish plane crashes at Amsterdam airport
Australian government trying to bankrupt woman found innocent of all charges - woman has won all multiple cases against the government - please help her plight get attention
How long did it take for the stock market to recover after 1929?  Oh only 25 long years!!! [Chart]
Hollywood to make 30 anti-Iranian movies - Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman, Hassan Qashqavi, has said that Hollywood film makers have thirty anti-Iranian movies in the offing ...
criminalization: it does nothing! Despite being illegal in Mexico, abortion rates higher than US
Japans exports plunged more than 45% in January compared to a year ago to hit the lowest figure ever recorded.
Saudi lingerie trade in a twist
Palestinian olive oil bucks UK recession - Sales expected to double this year after Gaza conflict
Army is fighting British jihadists in Afghanistan
Three Ring Legal Circus Goes On: The Pirate Bay Trial, Day 7
A major global drugs kingpin has agreed a plea bargain in the United States after admitting conspiracy to distribute millions of dollars worth of ecstasy. But who is this man of mystery who faces spending 10 years in jail?
Iran tests its first nuclear power plant
The worlds newspapers, put your mouse on a city and the newspaper headlines pop up, COOL!
The controversial conservationst who braved the US bombing to rescue the starving lions of Baghdad zoo
Amnesty International Calls For Arms Embargo Against Israel, Cites U.S.-Made White Phosphorus
IDF still preventing human rights groups from investigating war crime allegations
Border guards pissed off about pay storm their headquarters and kill their superiors.. Prime minister pardons all of them - WTF?
Tracking Down Gaza Wars Deadly, Mysterious Cubes
Mother sets fire to her daughters gloating rapist
Gaddafi: Israel, not Sudan, to blame for crisis in Darfur 
West urged to give Pakistan $5bn. If we fail, we face a truly frightening prospect: terrorist sanctuary, economic meltdown, and spiralling radicalism, all in a nation with 170 million inhabitants and a full arsenal of nuclear weapons,
Pakistan turns into a greater tinderbox: The Supreme Court rules that opposition leader Nawaz Sharif cannot hold office
Rights Group Calls for Israel/Hamas Arms Embargo
Bigoted parents dont want to see disabled people on the telly
Cambodian torturer claims Nazi defense of just following orders as he is prosecuted, while US hypocritically shields American torturers with a defense of just following orders.
To defend Israel six brave IDF soldiers ganged up on elderly man then cuffed, gagged and tortured him | Video
For God\s sake, please stop this terrorism and let this nation breathe a sigh of relief
Followup on the Iranian acid attack victim who wanted her attacker blinded: He has been sentenced to be blinded in one eye because one man is worth two women in Iran. But if she pays $25,000, theyll blind him in both eyes.
Israel seriously considering Iran military op
Pakistan declares: \We are at war\ - Pakistan declared that it was in a state of war after masked gunmen ambushed the Sri Lankan cricket team ...
Brilliant Israeli Animation on Gaza Horrors
Trouble brewing? Israeli ambassador to Washington resigns
Israelis react with fury to British boycott call
A new bill intruduced to ban headwear in license photos
Guinea-Bissaus army chief discovered a 200-kilogramme cocaine stash a week before his assassination, which preceded the murder of the countrys president
Support Blackout Ireland as the music industry tries to censor their internet access!
Russian general says U.S. may have planned satellite collision
Italy pulls out of UN racism conference
Petrol station sells petrol at 40% the normal price for 1 hour. Traffic chaos ensues.
On ammo, we dont ask...Its politically incorrect, like youre calling them a spic.
Putin Threatens to Cut Ukraine Gas Flow in Two Days 
Palestinian health care ailing
French boy, 7, caged for years
Gaddafi: Israel behind Darfur crisis 
 Footage raises new questions about Pakistan attack
The European Central Bank (ECB) has cut its key interest rate to 1.5%, the lowest since it started setting euro rates in January 1999.
Two U.K. Citizens Charged with Bribing Nigerian Officials to Obtain Contracts
Sudanese army deserter describes Darfur village raid | World news | guardian.co.uk
The Economist: ... the war on drugs has been a disaster.... the least bad policy is to legalise drugs
SAS commander: Afghan operation is worthless 
Morgan Tsvangirais wife killed by US aid truck
Fighting in the Field: Monsanto\s Uphill Battle in Germany - A colorful alliance of beekeepers, anti-capitalism protestors and conservative politicians are in the process of chasing the global market leader out of the country.
Human rights investigators say Israeli forces engaged in wanton destruction of Palestinian homes during the conflict in Gaza.
Israeli Soldiers Leave their Shit in Gaza Fridges... Literally. 
This American Life does the banking crisis. Insightful as usual. 
Top 10 Endangered Languages in the World
Kenyan human rights activists killed after accusing the Kenyan police of running death squads 
NY mafia cops get life in jail 
Outrage in France over plight of boy locked away for seven years by his parents
Fatal Tsvangirai crash was not accident, says MDC
Burning Conscience: Israeli soldiers speak out about their experiences as self-described brutal occupiers of a disputed land. 
Must Jews always see themselves as victims?
Sufi shrine bombed, in push to Talibanize Pakistan
Anti-Israel protest turns violent - The Davis cup game between Sweden and Israel is being played without an audience
Solar Power For $2 A Day
UK police target thousands of political campaigners in surveillance operations and storing their details on a database for at least 7 years
Russia pushes for new strategic arms pact with U.S. -We are prepared, as was suggested by our American partners, to reset our relations ... 
Tamil family proud of son\s \sacrifice\ - The UK-based family of a young Tamil man who set himself on fire in protest at the treatment of his countrymen in Sri Lanka have said they are proud of his actions.
Barack Obama too tired to give proper welcome to Gordon Brown
China wants case against Sudans president Bashir suspended
Zimbabwe : a truck crossed into the lane in which Zimbabwes PM, a long time rival of President Mugabe, 4x4 was travelling and side-swiped his vehicle, causing it to roll over three times.
Google Shared Some Users Docs Without Permission
Morocco cuts diplomatic relations with Iran
UK would like to force the EU to end net neutrality. Cant you guys in Britain get your MPs under control?
10 dead after teen shooting rampage at German school (according to german sources, 13)
Bolivia expels second US diplomat for having CIA links
Military to use new gel that stops bullets 
The global drug charade: Flying in the face of all the evidence, the UN is about to recommit to the tried and FAILED approach
 Just this past week in the East Jerusalem area, 88 homes in al-Bustan, 55 homes in Shufat refugee camp, 35 Bedouin homes on the Jerusalem-Jericho Road, and 66 homes in al-Isawiyya were slated for destruction, affecting more than 2,000 Palestinians, most of whom have lived there for generations.
The Economist: The Only Way To Stop The Failed Global Drug War Is To Legalize All Drugs
Madoff Charged With 11 Felonies, Faces 150 Years in Prison
Tariq Aziz, for many years the public face of Saddam Husseins Iraqi regime, has been jailed for 15 years for his role in the execution of 42 merchants.
Secret message in Abraham Lincolns watch revealed
Al-Jazeeras coverage of dictators is more honest than APs
France ends four-decade NATO rift
BBC NEWS | World | Europe | France ends four-decade Nato rift
US Congress eases curbs on Cuba
Putin curbs bloody seal hunt; Whitecoat pups and parents to be protected, Russian PM says
Chinas Navy flexes its muscles over US sub hunting ship in South China Sea
Gunman Massacres At Least Seven in Alabama 
Pakistan - Swat Valley: Sharia implemented on 16 March
Northern Ireland: back to the past?
British Troops Jeered by Muslim Protesters at Homecoming Parade - Video 3/10/09
Gunmans day of bloodshed leaves at least 10 dead in south Alabama - Breaking News
Detroits Beautiful, Horrible Decline [pics]
Teen gunman dead after killing 15 at German school
School massacre in Germany latest: 17-year-old gunman on the run in city centre
Chas Freeman withdrew his nomination. Israel lobby smear campaign a success.
Iraqi jailed for 3 years for Bush shoe attack (could have been 15)
Seeing BBC.co.uk with ads is like seeing your dad giving Satan a reacharound
Italy formally abolishes the death penalty for all purposes
Muslim Woman Asked to Leave Line at Credit Union Because of  Head Scarf
The grass-mud horse is an example of something that, in Chinas authoritarian system, passes as subversive behavior. Conceived as an impish protest against censorship, the foul-named little horse has made government censors look ridiculous.
Raped and killed for being a lesbian: South Africa ignores corrective attacks
Hamas issues rare criticism of Gaza rocket fire
DNA proves Bolsheviks killed all of Russian czars children 
LONG LIVE IRAQ - man who threw shoe at Bush jailed for three years
Potential ecological disaster off the coast of Brisbane as tanker loses containers of ammonium nitrate and 20 tonnes of fuel into the sea
\t  Italy drops CIA rendition case: High Court threw out evidence because it was classified information.
Irans illegal rappers want cultural revolution
UK Police race to stop Real IRA bomb plot
A Dirty Pun Tweaks Chinas Online Censors
Defense Secretary Robert Gates says U.S. will be more cautious before starting pre-emptive wars
Chas Freeman speaks out on his lynching by AIPAC
Madoff faces life in prison after expected guilty plea
Pakistani government making preemptive arrests before anti-gov rally...how much can one country take at one time?
Madagascar on the brink of civil war
Sensational new Mayan archaeological find at El Mirador in Guatemala
Muslim preacher mocks fallen British soldiers
Germany school killer gave warning in online chatroom
Someone explain the UK newsprints? Tabloids or Real News.
Angola rabies outbreak kills 83 children
Beth Israel Hospital avoids layoffs by everyones contributions
Israels 22-day offensive in the Hamas-ruled Gaza Strip killed 1,434 people, including 960 civilians, 239 police officers and 235 fighters
Madagascar: Soldiers ignore orders to shoot protestors. Prepare to defend people. 
The chief executive of Sony France is being held hostage by factory workers angry at their severance packages.
A Handy Guide To What the Hell Just Happened in Darfur
An American Pastime: Smoking Pot
Potential conflict brewing: U.S. warships head for South China Sea after standoff between China and U.S. over the weekend
Vampire unearthed in Venice plague grave (Reuters)
British Intelligence thought Iraq weapons claims were laughable
Dutch judge orders teens to visit Anne Frank House museum after finding them guilty of discrimination for insulting Jews at a rally
List of goods Israel is blocking from Gaza continues to grow; now includes toilet paper, soap, toothpaste, and the primary ingredient for hummus, chickpeas
Doctors Without Borders exit Darfur
Man dressed as Batman character the Joker shot dead by police
Sinn Fein leaders attend shot policemans funeral -- the first time party members attend the funeral of a security forces officer killed by a republican group
Gitmo Detainees No Longer Enemy Combatants
U.S. disagrees with British decision to engage Lebanons Hezbollah
Obama Considers Moving Troops to Mexico Border
Chavez takes over transport links
Japan threat to shoot down N. Korean satellite
Sea volcano blows its top 300km off New Zealand coast
Switzerland eases banking secrecy for the first time. UBS might have to provide details of 52,000 American account holders to the IRS!
New UK Memos Support Sexed Up Iraq Dossier Claim
German police gets trolled by krautchan.net-tard on amok run
Salam Pax (Iraqi blogger): The pen is mightier than the shoe
No more enemy combatant status for Git-mo detainees...IS the US going legit?
Does this tattoo make me look like an assassin?
What will Americans do when its not an Arab woman wailing over a stricken figure, but an American woman?  Graphic video of the shooting of a 37-year-old Californian by an Israeli soldier during nonviolent protests yesterday.
IDF fire tear gas canister at the head of an American protesting against the Israeli occupation, seriously injured: He had a large hole in the front of his head, and his brain was visible.
The success of drug decriminalization in Portugal
Rape Trees Found Along Southern US Border
The success of drug decriminalization in Portugal - IDPC evaluation of results (PDF)
Israels new defence minister accused of war crime - Times Online
Iran unblocks Facebook
Australian man pleads guilty to downloading Simpsons &amp; Pokemon porn. Convicted &amp; fined. 
Fake US passports still easy to get 8 years after 911
very serious situation,  Australian oil spill bigger than estimated...owner of freighter failed to report size of the spill 
China worried about US Treasury holdings
Saudis order 40 lashes for elderly woman for mingling
WTF?! All travellers departing the UK will have their trip recorded on a Govt database for a decade
Apartheid Israel now had a new military doctrine: go nuts
The Obama administration stopped calling Guantanamo inmates enemy combatants and incorporated international law as its basis for holding the prisoners while it works to close the facility.
Singapore sues another Wall Street Journal editor: report
Concern Grows in the U.S. That the Drug War Is Destablizing Mexico
I checked my sprint bill recently, and beware.  3rd party companies can charge your phone bill.
Why Do You Live There? You\re White! Singapore expats force to give up luxurious life as times get tough.
This is the end for tax havens
Pakistan on edge as Zardari arouses rebellion
Hassan Nasrallah: Hezbollah will never recognize Israel\s right to exist. At least he\s consistent.
Russian strategic bombers may be based in Cuba in the future
Woman meets modelling agent on social networking site ... you can guess the rest.
Darfur aid hostages not freed
Australian Government adds Wikileaks to banned website list 
A man who spent 27 years in jail for the murder of a barmaid in Southampton had his conviction quashed at the Court of Appeal today after DNA tests proved that he could not have been the killer
Israeli soldiers reveal true extent of Gaza war crimes
Why Lieberman is the worst thing that could happen to the Middle East 
The quote goes something like We will push them out into the ocean!, it has been attributed to every major Palestinian leader since Ben Gurion claimed it was said, not once has it been verified... Lieberman of Israel has suggested drowning Palestinians
Why a tiny language spoken off the coast of South America might make a good universal second language
The long and sadistic history behind the CIAs torture techniques.
After Gaza, Israel Grapples With Crisis of Isolation
Popes attack on condoms sickens Aids campaigners
Israel to Worsen Prisoner Conditions to Pressure Hamas
Israeli army hires P.I.s to spy on and blackmail women who claim religious exemption to military service
U.S. weighs expanded covert war in Pakistan
Irish Prime Minister Brian Cowen was just a few paragraphs into an address at a St. Patricks Day celebration at the White House when he realized something sounded way too familiar. Turns out, he was repeating the speech President Barack Obama had just given.
A terror suspect awaiting extradition to the United States won 60,000 in damages from Scotland Yard yesterday after being beaten and assaulted by the officers who arrested him. 
Sean Hodgson who spent 27 years in jail for murder has been released.
On the contrary: Obama takes the war on terror up a notch
Reports: Russia Confirms Iran Missile Contract
France condemns Popes remarks on condoms in Africa
For sale -- an English village
Popes condom stance under fire
Unmarried Childbirths in U.S. Reach Record Levels
Protests greet Bushs first speech as ex-president
 The Pope Is Wrong on Condoms
France chastises Pope on condoms (The French foreign ministry has voiced sharp concern following the Pope\s rejection of condom use to fight Aids.)
What made you change your mind so suddenly? asked the judge, Andrea Hummer. - The video testimony of my daughter Elisabeth, Fritzl replied in a gruff voice. I accept my guilt in all the charges presented. 
Scenes from the recession
Chinas last eunuch spills secrets
Israeli soldiers break ranks over Gaza war
Last white Zimbabwean farmers to be evicted
A headteacher whose health and career were ruined by false accusations of racism and religious discrimination at a primary school dominated by Muslims has won 400,000 in damages. 
Pope tells Muslims that true religion rejects violence
Bedouin villages in Israel dont get electricity because they are unrecognized. Illegal Jewish outposts do get electricity. How is this not Apartheid? 
 How I got my genes deleted  Ive had my DNA struck from police records - now its over to the rest of you 799,999 innocents
Israeli soldiers break ranks over Gaza war
Can Israel dismiss its own troops stories from Gaza?
Former Nazi guard living in Wisconsin deported
Nine-in-ten consumers in France, Germany and the UK want unrestricted Internet access to all websites and services online
Vatican insiders declare the Pope a disaster Pope Benedicts repeated gaffes and the Vaticans inability to manage his message in the internet era are threatening to undermine his papacy, Vatican insiders have said. 
Israeli soldiers admit shooting civilians dead during Gaza war
Millions take to the streets of France in protest
North Korea holds US reporters
U.N. rights envoy sees Israeli war crimes in Gaza
Why the Pope opposes condoms
Iranian Blogger Dies In Prison Under Suspicious Circumstances 
Israel troops admit Gaza abuses
Have Humans Created a New Epoch in Earths History?
Political leaders have to do God if they are to engage properly with the modern world, even if they personally have no religious faith, former prime minister Tony Blair said today.
A cruel trade across Vietnams border with China -- kidnapping Hmong women
Life of kidnapped Canadian woman journalist in danger
Up to 1,000 Gambians have been kidnapped by witch hunters and forced to drink hallucinogenic potions at secret government detention centres, according to Amnesty International.
Doesnt it seem ironic that in a country with thousands of CCTV cameras, they want to shut down Google Street View because of privacy concerns?
I find it ironic that on one hand you put [Saddam Hussein] on trial for using biological warfare, but in another country where you sprayed chemicals for warfare, you neglect your responsibility,
Im Brit and Im terrified of my Governments new terror strategy. Someone please get rid of Jacqui Smith
Austria and Hungary reaffirm their sovereign right to ban GM crops
Italian court rules that a shepherd smoking marijuana could be justified because he only has sheep for company
South Africa denies Dalai Lama visa to attend peace conference. Nobel peace prize winners and committee pull out.
Dubai prison mother loses custody
Rockefeller Declares War on Free Internet
Japanese man  becomes the first person to be certified as a survivor of both Hiroshima and Nagasaki atomic bombings 
China suggests switch from dollar. Chinas central bank has called for a new global reserve currency run by the IMF to replace the US dollar.
Blackwater sued in US court over alleged cover-up (AFP)
China blasts video claiming Tibet violence
Death penalty closer to demise
China bans YouTube
U.N. report condemns Israel for Gaza operation
Israel could be guilty of a new crime against humanity - apparently even Hitler and Pol Pot didn\t think of that one.
UN accuses Israeli troops of using boy, 11, as human shield
China is calling for a new global currency in place of the dollar to achieve the objective of safeguarding global economic and financial stability.
The number of executions worldwide nearly doubled last year compared to 2007, according to Amnesty International, and China put to death far more people than any other nation. In the Americas, only one state  the United States  consistently executes.
And that\s when I proceeded to hit him with the shovel.
Today we are witnessing the beginning of the US falling from a world superpower
Fighting for Life: American Activist Shot by Israelis
The Big Takeover: The global economic crisis isnt about money - its about power. How Wall Street insiders are using the bailout to stage a revolution
A bit like Northern Ireland: Right-wing Jewish National Front to march through the Arab Israeli city of Umm al-Fahm.
At Least 32 Die in a Wave of Violence Across Iraq 
Mexicos drug war [pics]
An illegal settlement being built, illegal even under Israeli law .
In response to national anger at the death of Polish immigrant Robert Dziekanski in the Vancouver airport, the RCMP was urged to curb Taser use by its officers  but instead removed an existing restriction from its policy - It\s unacceptable it\s actually moving backwards.
Pirates have seized two European-owned tankers off the coast of Somalia in the past day, officials have said.
Teacher who exposed school violence is banned from the classroom 
Trade in organs from living donors legalized in Singapore
Jews Burn Israeli Flag in NY
French workers burned tires, held a manager of 3M hostage as anger mounted over job cuts and executive bonuses
Iran accepts U.S. invitation to Afghanistan meeting
Hillary Clinton - Our insatiable demand for illegal drugs fuels the drug trade
North Korea has placed a long-range missile on a launch pad before a test that the United States, Japan and South Korea said would violate a United Nations Security Council resolution
Israel accused of reckless use of white phosphorus
Gordon Brown gets the roasting he deserves. The devalued Prime Minister of a devalued government.
Iraqi women are suffering a silent emergency, trapped in a downward spiral of poverty, desperation and personal insecurity
Thai government set to fall again as thousands rally against prime minister
Gordon Brown, British PM, Pushing Rothschilds Vision Of Global Economy
Top Durban businessmen have been linked to a child prostitution syndicate
Cameras film police in Mexico during a drugs shootout where three men were arrested as cocaine and dozens of weapons were seized
Dont attach a saber saw to a sex toy and turn it on near your wifes vagina.  Darwin Award Candidate
Help! My owner is trying to eat me....Britons tempted to eat pets as recession bites
Mother Natures might seen in Mount Redoubt: Redoubt erupts in major explosive event. Highest aviation warning issued after ash spews 65,000 feet into the air
Outrage in aftermath of Chinas YouTube censorship
Racist Crime in Russia 
One of the men convicted over a milk contamination scandal in China has lost his appeal against the death sentence.
Afghanistan: Manager of private TV network arrested over dancers skimpy costume 
Defamation of Religion is now a Human Rights Violation
French riot police officer suspended after listing his favorite interests on Facebook as Crusades, Arab-bashing, Nationalism and the Vichy motto
We have more toilets, less shame among women and less disease.....The results of the No Toilet, No Bride campaign.. 
International torch relays ahead of the Olympics have been scrapped by the International Olympic Committee
As Turkey cracks down on honour killings, women are now told to commit suicide
Swiss banks ban top exec travel in case they are detained as part of a global crackdown on bank secrecy
Girl of 14 accused of child pornography and may be forced to register as a sex offender 
Bomb at Pakistani mosque, at least 48 dead.
British resident who claims he was tortured says senior figures within government must be held to account 
Israel suspected in Sudan air strikes
Russia sends army to frozen north to claim Arctic resources
Leading medical journal accuses Pope of distorting condom science
U.S. destroyers on move as North Korea prepares rocket launch
Noted Author Jared Diamond Predicts 49 Percent Chance of Civilization Collapse
Iran and Nato end 30-year impasse 
Theyll be telling us next that well get cancer unless we stop eating and drinking completely.
Israel bombs civilian convoy in Sudan in order to maintain illegal occupation of Palestine. 
OK England... why dont you raise your kids properly instead of pulling off shit like this?
U.S., Japan mobilize for N. Korean launch - CNN.com
 Sudan air strike blamed on Israel
The End of Excess: Is This Crisis Good for America?
President Barack Obama plans to send 4,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan.
Indian Army fears China attack by 2017 
Gordon Brown and Buckingham Palace have discussed plans to change the rules of succession to the throne, including giving women equal rights.
Afghanistan exit strategy: more troops and a civilian surge
If we dont kill them theyll die; the morbidly absurd prosecution of child pornography laws against teenage kids where the only possible victim was themselves
Schoolgirl rapist kneecapped by vigilantes
Photographs of White Phosphorus use.
On the eve of the G20 summit, the entire network of central Londons wireless CCTV cameras will have to be turned off because of a legal ruling (the reason being they dont fully meet the resolution standards required). 
Worse than the Taliban - new law rolls back rights for Afghan women | World news | The Guardian
Libya\s Gadhafi storms out of Arab League summit. I am an international leader, the dean of the Arab rulers, the king of kings of Africa and the imam (leader) of Muslims, and my international status does not allow me to descend to a lower level.
Netanyahu To Obama: Stop Iran, Or I Will
Spanish Court to Consider Torture Investigation of 6 Bush Officials
Israel closes probe of Gaza incidents, denies they happened
China says GhostNet is fake because the Canadian research was commissioned by the Dalai Lamas office
France is threatening G20 walkout
Kucinich to probe $3.6 billion in bonuses at Merrill Lynch
Hundreds of French workers at Caterpillar take their bosses hostage after theyre told of layoffs
Should enemy combatants be given legal representation? Lawyers, and political parties, in India dont think so.
European-wide car tracking system planned, creating a system of almost total road surveillance. 
No, this is how the stock market really behaves , (and the fact that it is more than 14 months old does it credit)
Muammar Gaddafi accuses Saudi Arabias King Abdullah of lying at Arab summit
Filmmakers group makes an awarded movie about Nigerian Scam with only $180
What is big, loud, unnecessary, and costs $75 million? A Group of 20 summit.
Monsanto GM-corn harvest fails massively in South Africa.
People often question the testimonies Palestinians give about how cruely they are treated by the IDF (which so definitely doesnt target civilians), it would be hard to deny Ghada Abu Halimas version of events, given she died as a result of them
The Taliban in Afghanistan are often portrayed as a single, monolithic entity. Theyre not
The CIA Recruits Spies on the Radio
Should Japan dare recklessly to intercept the DPRKs satellite, its army will consider this as the start of Japans war of reinvasion more than six decades after the Second World War, the official Korean Central News Agency said today.
Here is The People of Freedom, Italys new conservative party
I can see PALIN from my REDDIT!
Police car travelling at 90mph in a 30mph zone at night without sirens on hit and kills a young girl
Canadian hitman admits 28 deaths. In other news, there are hitmen in Canada.
What rich countries gave in foreign aid last year [chart]
Japan pays jobless foreigners money to go home, they must promise to not return
Facing mounting U.S. opposition behind the scenes, Israel still plans to continue a covert operation to delay Iran\s nuclear program by assassinating key Iranian scientists
New Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said on Wednesday that Israel was not bound by understandings on the creation of a Palestinian state reached at a U.S.-sponsored conference at Annapolis in November 2007.
New Afghan Law to Force Women to Have Sex
Tea prices are surging. Is your mug next?
Teacher in trouble over thong
North Korea: Well shoot a rocket! U.S.: Well shoot down your rocket! North Korea: Well shoot down your rocket shoot-downers!
Israel Not Obligated to Seek Two-State Solution, Foreign Minister Says (Do they have April Fools in the Middle East?)
Israel rejects US sponsored peace deal with Palenstine
Is it legally apartheid? - the Palestine conundrum
Shocker: BMW AG PURCHASES HARLEY-DAVIDSON
Earth population exceeds limits
Somali pirates pick on the wrong ship
G20 Terrorist Plot Exposed As Teenagers With Plastic Guns And Fireworks 
Foreign minister says Israel not bound to follow two-state path
Russia and US renew nuclear talks, The discussions will be the first such talks for more than a decade.
U.S. Must Draw the Line on Israels Settlements
Sudan leader on Mecca pilgrimage
 Sex workers rally against new crime bill
The War on Terror being phased out - Not enough people convinced, back to older excuses to pass Security Legislation
This sign at the G20 protest in London says it all!
Spaniards grateful to Bill OReilly for promising not to visit Spain anymore.
\Settlers\ assault 14-year old on his familys land and kidnap him, Then they told me to run in front of them to the settlement. I ran and they followed me on their motorcycles. One of them kept hitting me in the foot. I cried the whole way
Man Dies After Collapsing at G-20 Protest in London, police trying to help the man are getting bottles thrown at them.
Sweden votes in favor of legalizing gay marriage
Ax-wielding Palestinian militant kills 13-year-old Israeli in the West Bank
G-20 Protesters Gone Wild:  Thousands clash with police, shout Abolish money!, break into Bank of Scotland [PICS]
Lieberman, questioned by police for at least seven hours over corruption allegations
Privacy Not a Human Right? - Swedens Piracy Law Violates Human Rights
Its official: An embryo is not only as valued as a human, its worth MORE than the life of a 9-year old girl. So sayeth the (Catholic) Lord.
G-20 to give $1 TRILLION to IMF, World Bank
Oppression and poverty push Shiite leaders in Saudi Arabia to threaten  secession of the Eastern Province  
FBI called in over Wolverine leak on the we
This is the only reason we are not seeing food lines like in the great depression, they did not have food stamps or welfare
Should Israel Be Boycotted?
Social Media Madness (featuring Zaibatsu)
Police Lob Teargas at Hundreds of NATO Protesters
Islamic Jihad kills Israeli child in West Bank
Riot police used tear gas and rubber bullets to beat back a crowd of several hundred anti-NATO protesters in Strasbourg on Thursday
The single best argument against Israel? Maps...
Amnesty International is accusing the French authorities of failing to investigate alleged violence by security forces.
Uri Avnery: Israels Deception Tango
Israeli terrorist fires rubber bullet at handcuffed, blindfolded Palestinian [video]
China restricts online video after YouTube police beating Tibetan
Sweden passes same-sex marriage law |  CNN.com
13-Year-Old Boy Axed to Death in Israeli Settlement
Newspaper in Mideastern nation photoshops women out of photograph of government cabinet
People thinking about embarking on demonstrations in the future may have to decide whether they want to be effectively locked up for eight hours without food or water and, when leaving, to be photographed and identified.
Did the handling of the G20 protests reveal the future of policing?
New foreign minister of Israel, Avigdor Lieberman, and his threats to wipe off the map Egypt and Palestine
A video of the first known public flogging of a woman in Swat has outraged Pakistanis and raised questions once again about the governments decision to enter into a peace deal in February that effectively ceded Swat to the Taliban and allowed them to impose Islamic law.
Mayans: Were Not Leaving Even If We Have To Die
Israel is feeling the heat from boycotts
First test of Netanyahus influence on Obama administration. Will the US give a visa to Mossad director implicated by FBI in espionage on US.
Orthodox paper photoshops women out of Israeli cabinet
Police have been ordered to release footage of the July 7 bombers after a three-year freedom of information battle.
Is it the beginning of a new world economic order? 
UN appoints Jewish Judge to head  Gaza war-crimes team 
Bangladesh bans beggars
I shouted after her but she is a bit deaf. I couldnt chase her as Ive had a triple heart bypass.
South Africa\s ruling ANC party has condemned Archbishop Desmond Tutu\s criticism of the organisation, describing it as sacrilege.
The Arabs of Palestine - an article from 1961
Critics assail Afghan law that legalizes rape
Two people were killed and eight wounded late on Friday when a bomb exploded outside a restaurant in the troubled southern Philippines, police said.
Army lied about how my son died in Iraq: Friendly-fire victim was misidentified as enemy gunman
No one gave any credence to the possibility of such a huge political plan, because... there had never been a forced displacement of an entire nationality. But as we will unfortunately see, that which had seemed impossible to everyone at that time... became possible during the world war.
Italian Apartheid bus service to be launched
Everything you need to know about the G20 deal
Children arent pets:  Malawi court rejects Madonna adoption bid
UN judge to investigate alleged Israeli war crimes in Gaza
Joe Klein: Netanyahu Unhinged
Mexican President Calderon: It is impossible to pass tons of drugs to the US without some complicity of American authorities
Portugals drug decriminalization policy shows positive results: Five years later, street drugrelated deaths from overdoses drop and the rate of HIV cases crashes
More on the success of drug decriminalization in Portugal
Radiohead to Testify Against the RIAA! Go Radiohead!
Oil tankers anchor off British coast waiting for oil prices to rise 
french cops throwing rocks at the protesters during NATO summit. talk about police provocation
America Fuck Yeah!
What is fragile should break early while it is still small. Nothing should ever become too big to fail. (author of Black Swan)
Former Peruvian president Alberto Fujimori sentenced to 25 years
G20 death shows systemic problems in the police 
Police forced to launch massive terror raids in UK months early after their own boss accidentally shows photographers a top secret briefing document on the surveillance operation
Chinese unemploymentWhere will all the students go?
Germanys Sense of Order; relating Germanys economic actions to their culture
Winery in Japan employs more than 100 Autistic workers. Except for the part where employs means pays them, but confiscates their wages and then charges their families for \tuition.\
Tony Blair, who is a Roman Catholic, challenges  the entrenched attitudes of the Pope on homosexuality, argues it is time for him to rethink his views
Russia is drinking herself to death.
Three Accused of Mass Murder/Genocide in Rwanda Win Extradition Appeal and Walk Free
Ten Arrested after Counter Terrorism Officer Reveals Confidential Document
Last embrace: Baby survives Baghdad car bombing in slain mothers lap
Greece Teeters on the Verge of Bankruptcy
Spies Penetrate U.S. Electrical Grid
Jewish settlers rampage through West Bank village
Mother executes Son at firing range, in plain sight of security cameras [PICS]
Jewish settlers rampage through West Bank village smashing car windows and damaging homes
Dubais Slave Labor, a Documentary Short by Journalist Ben Anderson
Anti-government protesters in Tibet sentenced to death
BREAKING!!: In total upset Kim re-elected as N Korea leader!!
CIA shuts down its secret prisons
a quarter of oil-rich Saudis population is below poverty line, all oil money goes to ruling princes
The UK police officer who assaulted Ian Tomlinson has come forward, will be questioned by investigators today
After twenty years of US placing bounties on Pakistanis and Afghanis (pashtuns) no one has ever turned anyone in for the money..........this is why.
European and Asian countries sent their commercial fleets to fish in Somali waters. Other European countries sent drums of nuclear waste, to be dumped at sea. And we wonder why they hijack boats...
Click on any country to see U.S. military involvement (interactive map)
Bastard tried to flee the minivan too...RIP Angels Pitcher Adenhart
Israeli forces detain ten Gazan fishermen and seize their boats
A week after a largely right-wing Israeli government took power, differences are emerging with main ally Washington over Middle East peace efforts that could develop into an all-out confrontation.
this Israeli government, like its predecessors, has little interest in complying with its obligations
Making up anti-Semitism: Jerusalem Post admits it was duped by hoaxer on report of anti-Semitism
Refugees killed on the final battlefield between Sri Lankas army and the Tamil Tigers; U.N. chief says both sides may be guilty of war crimes
UK Police - Unaccountable, Secretive and Out of Control
How to lose your security clearance in 5 seconds: Britains top counter-terrorism officer, Bob Quick, resigned after he accidently revealed a secret document to photographers. 
Kurt Cobains estate swindled out of MILLIONS of dollars!!
Focus on the Family child molester busted for attempted rape
The Case Against Shell: Landmark human rights trial on April 29, 2009 (Wiwa v. Shell) --  for its role in the repression of the Ogoni people and the executions of the Ogoni Nine
At least 20 people were killed and nearly 300 injured yesterday when a hospital in the last area of Sri Lanka held by the Tamil Tigers was shelled in what one doctor described as the worst day of bloodshed since the start of the military campaign.  Why doesnt reddit care?
FBI joins effort in hostage standoff with pirates
French lawmakers reject Internet piracy bill
Mum executes her own son at shooting range
Four Tibetans sentenced to death for starting fires during unrest in Lhasa
50,000+ hold protest against president in Georgia (the country)
Monsanto Uprooted: Germany Bans Cultivation of GM Corn
Headlines Africa - Niger villages say No to female genital mutilation
Saudia Arabia to enter the 14th century and regulate child brides
Video: Woman smacked and beaten by cop at G20 protests 
Go the French! - French Warship Captures Pirates. Pirates wanted to kill the crew and destroy the last US ship they attacked.
Fears that Britain is slipping into a surveillance society have been heightened by Brussels initiating legal action
Somali Pirates Hijack 4 More Ships
Israel does not plan to cooperate with a U.N. agencys investigation into alleged war crimes by Israeli troops and Hamas militants during fighting in Gaza.
Fijian newspapers are turning into the Onion
The Mizrahis, Jewish migrants from Arab countries, are still stunned at the level of ignorance and prejudice that greeted them in the new Israel. Zionism, the ideology that built the Jewish state, was conceived in Europe and was, inevitably, set to a European tune.
Britains failure to protect its citizens from secret surveillance on the internet is to be investigated by the European Commission.
Free speech is nothing but trouble.
Afghan Feminists Beaten With Rocks Today
Bolivian President Evo Morales ends hunger strike. If the oligarchy insults me, if they attack me, it means that I am doing my job. It means that I am defending the people
G20 protest videos: Growing catalogue of evidence against police
Genocide and crimes against humanity have become coded jargon. You end up arguing whether a particular outrage is an act of genocide or not, and not whether what happened was reprehensible or not.
The police should take note: little brothers watching you
Women hit by stones at rally against law that critics say legalizes marital rape.
Somalia says let us handle the pirates
A great tool.  Tracks world shipping and ship locations.  Liberty Sun is now off Somolia and was attacked.  
London Police officer suspended after video surfaces of brutality at vigil [Video]
No winners in Thailands crisis
Vatican vetoes US envoy names
Mexico Begins Legislative Debate On Legalizing Marijuana
Taliban execute eloping young lovers in Afghanistan
London police are now deleting tourists\ photos because photographing anything to do with transport is strictly forbidden. 
Schoolboy gets sarcasm instead of help when calling Australian 911-  Dies as a result
In the Indian election, 700m voters, 28 days, 250,000 police: worlds biggest democratic poll begins
Afghan Women Stoned During Protest of Rape Law, Make Cowards of Their Men
Police brutality: The camera is mightier than the sword
Robert Fisk: How can you trust the cowardly BBC?
Pirate Bay Trial Update - Verdict Comes Friday
Russia ends war with Chechnya
Hundreds gathered on Wednesday in front of the European Union patent office in Munich to protest a patent for a test to check pigs for a gene that makes them produce more meat, arguing that the process opens the door to further commercial exploitation of biological processes and weakens farmers.
Video: Police threaten photographers at G20 protest with arrest 
Man Gets on Bus -- Fiji Daily
One round of dialysis in hospitals costs 3x the average Chinese farmers yearly income-- Co-op clinic had provided its patients with dialysis for 1% of the hospital cost, until Chinese health officials shut it down this month. Patients now refusing to leave Beijing until they receive a settlement.
President Medvedev: Russia needs more political competition and a greater freedom to protest.
Britain: Police make mass preemptive arrest of protesters in Nottingham
New Human Rights Watch report: Eritrea becoming a giant prison , is one of the most closed and repressive states in the world,
300 Afghan women protesting Afghanistan\s new rape-condoning laws are chased by groups 3x larger than their own comprised mostly of men; the women are threatened with death, called whores, and attacked.
Iranian scientists cloned a goat; the effort is part of Irans quest to become a leader in science and medicine.
Oslo Police: Non-Westerners Behind Most Sexual Assaults...
Spanish Prosecutor: Drop case against Bush officials
Starving Zimbabweans poaching wild animals
Eritrea like a giant prison, claims human rights group
Crazy stories from Dubai... Modern day slavery
Stories of UK police paranoia getting more absurd - UK police force Austrian tourists to delete bus photos.
A limited UN-led investigation of 90 people in one jail found evidence of severe beatings and inhuman conditions. The corpse of Valeriu Boboc, a 23-year-old protester, was returned to his parents covered in bruises; the authorities say he was poisoned.
Russia Ends Operation in Chechnya 
A poll of 60,000 Swedes showed that 89 per cent believed that the Pirate Bay founders should have been acquitted
The Pirate Bay: Dont worry - were from the internets. Its going to be alright. :-)
Did you know there are 4 varieties of Bengal Tiger? A beautiful photo shoot of over a dozen Bengals.
G20 - Ian Tomlinsons death was NOT heart attack second post mortem suggests
PIRATE BAY FOUND GUILTY!
Hong Kong Students Vote to Condemn Tiananmen Square Violence
Vatican bewildered by Belgian condemnation and official resolution against the pope\s comments on the use of condoms.
U.S. experts: Pakistan on course to become an Islamic state; It\s a disaster in the making on the scale of the Iranian revolution, U.S. intelligence official says.
1,500 Indian Farmers Commit Mass Suicide
The Torture Colony: In a remote part of Chile, an evil German evangelist built a utopia whose members helped the Pinochet regime perform its foulest deeds
London G20 protestor died from an abdominal haemorrhage and NOT natural causes, like orginally claimed
Tragic.  Over 1500 farmers in India commit suicide after crop failure.
CNN: African Villages Denounce Female Circumcision
 Dubai Police confirm plan to block internet smut 
Russia deploys 22 ships from Black Sea Fleet, is another war with Georgia looming? Where theres smoke...
Top 10 Free Secure Online Tools to avoid Pirate Bay Verdict
Spanish court says torture charges against Bush officials can continue, despite AG opposition.
The Piratebay founders found guilty, one year in jail each and a 30 million SEK fine
Man Killed at G20 Died of Internal Bleeding, New Autopsy Reveals 
Police \stop attempt on Morales\  - Press downplaying Assasination Attempt?
Chechnya: Russia declares mission accomplished in strong-man state
Russian Forces Deploying for Possible Action in Georgia
 Ancient, frozen ecosystem produces blood-red ice flows
Headlines Africa - Former child soldiers, sex slaves recover from Liberias war
Ral Castro: Cuba ready to discuss everything with U.S.
Redditors awarded for being homo heroes
The Pirate Bay FTW!
European Internet users, rejoice! Amandement 138 was voted again and the European Internet has been saved. For now.
14 videos showing footage of British police tactics during G20 protests - Bloody disgrace!
British police respond to trial by media
Israeli President: We all want a world that is clean of nuclear bombs, but the problem is that those holding the bombs are religious fanatics, extremists, that do not cringe from all methods of killing
Memberhistory for the Swedish Pirate Party
Kuwait state arrests candidate for .. criticizing the ruling family
New Video Shows Police At G-20s Protest Beating People With Batons And Shields [video]
China plans to build 93,000-ton atomic-powered aircraft carrier
Iraqi militia torturing gay men by glueing their anus
Mossad agent attempts to derail the prosecution of two AIPAC spies by suborning a member of Congress and promising her the chairmanship of the Intelligence Committee
State of Emergency extended in Thailand
After victory in the Swat Valley, the Taliban are moving into the next region.  100km from Islamabad.  How long until US troops deploy to Pakistan?
Internet radicals ready themselves for European Parliament
Teen pirate came under flag of truce. He shouldve used flag of parley.
60 years ago - the Zionist 9/11 that failed: A group of Jewish terrorists who planned to drop leaflets and bombs on London fall into a police trap
China will display its nuclear submarines for the first time in history
Sri Lanka army accused of carnage
63,000 Tamils refugees flee from LTTE territory in Sri Lanka
The story of 8 year old quadriplegic  Maria Aman and what it says about the Israeli governments attitude towards Palestinians
Any idea that Chavez is some sort of threat to the United States is absurd. Its hard to see his fiery anti-American rhetoric as anything more than performance art
Ahmadinejad dropped language describing the Holocaust as ambiguous and dubious from a prepared speech
Second woman says Paraguay president fathered kid out of wedlock when he was a Roman Catholic bishop
Ahmadinejads speech at the UN Conference on racism: full text
Five men decide a 19 year-old is a coward, so they take him into a tent, strip him down, handcuff and hold him down, and indecently assault him while video and photographing the scene.  This setting is Afghanistan, but the players are all British soldiers.
Swedish Pirate Party Doubles in Size After Bay Verdict 
Israeli Soldiers Shoot American Between The Eyes With Tear Gas At Anti-Demolition/Settlement Protest In The West Bank [WARNING: Graphic Video]
[ThePirateBay] The judge that sentenced Piratebay founders is a member of antipiracy organizations
10 Days after imposing Sharia Law, Taliban militants have now taken control of Brunei the strategically important district just 70 miles from the capital. Honestly, how long does Pakistan have?
Pirate Bay Judge Accused of Bias, Calls for a Retrial
If Lieberman had turned up to speak, would western delegates and ambassadors have staged a walkout? 
Thailand - Army Bullets Used in Assassination Attempt
Netanyahu: No Peace Talks With the Palestinians Until Obama Does Something About Iran.....
Do Palestinians Really Want a State? - the psychology of the Middle East conflict
British troops breached human rights laws; captives were [allegedly] tortured, murdered and their bodies mutilated. 
Oh, btw, your general works for me....
Olmert, Livni and Ehud Barak charged with war crimes by a group of Norwegian lawyers. New law in Norway allows foreigners to face charges against war crimes, genocide and crimes against humanity.
Baghdad:  A suicide bomber killed at least 28 people - detonating a belt of explosives as police distributed aid to a crowd of homeless families.
Czech Soldiers in Afghanistan: We\re Not Going to Fight, it\s Dangerous....
The Inventor of the Web Opposes to Online Spying
I feel good today because of this video: Stand By Me performed by street musicians across the world &amp; spliced/mixed together. Excellent.
Bolivian President Evo Morales on Wednesday accused the World Bank of trying to blackmail his country several years ago by demanding free-market reforms in exchange for aid loans
Israel defies US and destroys Palestinian home
Taliban Seize Vital Pakistan Area Closer to the Capital
The Japanese government is offering to pay the air fair for hundreds of thousands of blue-collar Latin American immigrants and their families if theyll sign an agreement promising never to work in Japan again.
China Unveils New Fleet of Nuclear Submarines
The good news: Somalias most powerful Islamist is back to stabilize the country. The bad news: Somalias most powerful Islamist is back to stabilize the country.
Criminal duress got skipped for distractionary conversations of torture how?  Remember Valerie Plame sacrificed during spy shortage?  Why not!  How did we get her name, anyway?
Independent journalist fined for taking video of Belarus KGB officer
I think more people need to understand what waterboarding is. [VIDEO]
Poland to ban Che Guevara image and other materials that incite fascism and totalitarian systems
We may need to seek them out and destroy them where they live,. Vioxx maker Merck and Co drew up doctor hit list.
Israel admits to having used white phosphorus in Gaza.
Key Tamil Tigers leadership surrender, Sri Lanka within days of ending a 25 year civil war.
Taxing the rich, chart of income tax rates for the wealthiest in various countries.
G20 police officer said he wanted to beat up hippies on Facebook 
Pirate Bay lawyer wants a retrial
Dick Cheneys death squad killed Lebanese former prime minister Rafik Hariri
Tens of thousands of Armenians march through the capital to commemorate the 94th anniversary of the Armenian genocide
Pedophile Priest Hires Private Detectives to Harass His Victims
Islamic insurgents advance closer to Pakistani capital
60 dead in Mexico flu outbreak
80 people died in Iraq and 120 others were injured thursday in three bombings, one by a female suicide bomber that held a young childs hand as she set off her explosives among a group of women and children receiving emergency food aid
Spains jobless rate soars to 17.4%, doubling over the past 12 months
Israeli FM Lieberman: World leaders must drop \land for peace\ and \two-state solution\ slogans, the obstacle to any solution is not Israel. It is not the Palestinians. It\s the Iranians.
Bank wants 40,000 pounds from G20 girl 17 
Attorney General: If you were just following orders, then youre good. Seems strangely familiar...
Fatal swine flu breaks out in Mexico
Twin-track talks in Burma raise peace hopes
Report: Reporters to be tried in N. Korea
Cops taser naked man at arts festival (with video)
Sweden spied on CIA terror flights
Former KKK leader David Duke has been detained by police in the Czech Republic on suspicion of denying the Holocaust.
Nobel laureate accuses Israel of ethnic cleansing
While everybody its talking about the flu, Mexico will legalize Drugs for personal use
Egypt orders slaughter of all pigs - roughly between 300,000-350,000 - over swine flu.
CNN:  patient zero has been found, and he likes ice cream
Blasphemy to possibly become punishable by up to 100,000 in Ireland; Amendment to Defamation Bill proposed by Justice Minister Dermot Ahern
Now Russias in the game -- warship captures captures Somali vessel with 29 on board
With no $10 laptop in sight, India buys 250,000 OLPC (One Laptop Per Child) laptops
China to Let Taiwan Participate in UN Body - Step Towards Greater Recognition of Taiwan
North Korea threatens Missile Test if Security Council does not apologize for Condemnation of last Missile Test
Boliva is the Saudi Arabia of Lithium. You can literally scrape it off the ground. [PBS VIDEO]
Cannabis Aint A Crime - a British High Court challenge to drug law
1948 - Head of German Gestapo hired by...  CIA
1:10 Scale Saturn V Rocket Succesful Launch 
WHO raises pandemic alert level 5, saying all of humanity is under threat. 
Spain Opens Inquiry on Guantnamo 
U.S. planning to cut off Talibans main source of money, the countrys multimillion-dollar opium crop, by pouring thousands of troops into provinces that bankroll the groups operations.
World Bank finds Israels water policy hard to swallow - The National Newspaper
Hey nice biceps!...When the teenager realised it was Purple Aki, he ran away very frightened and very shaken
Network which used pensioners to smuggle drugs on cruise ships broken up in Spain
Deep in the Amazonian jungle, a rare Indian tribe extends this maternal instinct beyond its own species. In a remote village, shaded by giant trees, the breasts of female humans also feed the urgent lips of hungry baby monkeys.
Aporkalypse Now: more swine flu cases reported in New Zealand
They found the kid who licked the pig
Police in the Russian city of St Petersburg were today searching for a rare missing leopard which was stolen yesterday when thieves ambushed a TV producer and drove off in his luxury Mercedes 4x4.
SKorean experts claim to have cloned glowing dogs
Palestinian Embassy was inaugurated in Venezuela
A Palestinian military court condemns a man to death by hanging for treason for selling land to Israelis.
But a remarkable thing happened this week. On Monday, 400 of his fellow students, wearing black in solidarity and carrying signs of support, walked out of Keswick High School to rally in protest in front of their school.
Remember that Policeman driving at 90mph in a 30 zone with no sirens who hit &amp; killed the girl? Well, hes in prison now.
Eco-fascism - Israeli settlers and factories pumping polluted water onto palestinian farmland
She was allowed to be forced to marry before reaching puberty. Now, at the ripe old age of 8, she successfully divorced her 50 year old husband.
The four policemen threw Abu Hamdiya from a jeep moving at high speed after they had abducted, beaten, and abused him, all four policemen were sentenced to serve only between 4.5 to 8.5 years in jail
With the help of software written by a Tiennamen Square veteran, Iranians beat Internet Censorship
Crazy person goes on shooting rampage at university in Baku, Azerbaijan. 12 killed, 13 injured. Bacon Lung news clogging the news outlets obscured this info from yesterday.
So much for full withdrawal: Britain wants to get involved in protecting oil supplies from Iraq after its combat role there comes to an end, Prime Minister Gordon Brown said.
When you hear about the H1N1 virus (Swine flu), does it make anyone else want to play Pandemic 2?
Israel warns EU to tone down its criticism
The San people of southern Africa is the worlds most ancient race
Worlds Largest Solar Power Tower Starts Generating in Spain
Surprise: Around 50% of surveyed Christians believe torture can be somehow justified.
We all pray this remains sensitive to antivirals. We all hope that vaccines will be developed. The virus doesnt grow very well in eggs.
Killing Women and Children is only a Re-Branding issue in Apartheid Israel
Jewish Holocaust museum in Palestine: Our message to the Jewish people all over the world is that having been victims of such a brutal genocide, we expect you to be messengers of all the principles of justice, mercy and humanity,
Images leaked from the U.N. show that the Sri Lankan military shelled a no-fire zone where over 50,000 civilians are trapped.
Is Oil Worth More Than Blood In Nigeria? The suit seeks to hold Shell accountable for summary executions, crimes against humanity, TORTURE, inhuman treatment and the arbitrary arrest and detention of Nigerians.
Ben Goldacre on Swine Flu and the Media Coverage
A Virologists Perspective on Influenza A(H1N1)
End Palestinian demolitions in Jerusalem, UN tells Israel
Palestinian sets record for longest imprisonment
Ethiopia has arrested 40 members of May 15th, an opposition group led by an Ethiopian-American professor of economics at Bucknell University; the government says they had planned to assassinate officials and blow up public utilities in a plot to topple the government.
Artwork rejected by the New York Times, including A rather mild portrait of Idi Amin deemed \too severe\ an indictment of the Ugandan tyrant\s mass murders of his own people 
Donkey suicide bombing is latest tactic against patrols
Saudi Arabia to consider banning marriage of girls under 18
Pregnant woman miscarries after traffic accident that wasn\t her fault. Dubai\s traffic court ordered the bereaved mother to pay US$5,450 in blood money and fined her for unintentional homicide.
In four past pandemics, a mild spring outbreak was followed by virulent fall sickness. 
20 year old pregnant woman faces mandatory death sentence; video link at bottom.
Without a Moral Leg to Stand On; United Arab Emirates torture scandal sparks outrage in the US 
Meet Noemi Letizia, the 18 year old hottie behind Italian PM Berlusconis divorce
So while everyone was fearing the Swine Flu (N1H1), drugs legalization made huge strides in Mexico.
Defense Minister Ehud Barak said he would call on the Spanish government to prevent the investigation, reiterating Israel\s stance that the Israel Defense Forces is the most moral army in the world. 
Russia to build floating Arctic nuclear stations What could possibly go wrong?
Candidate for Iranian Presidency Wanted for 1994 Bombing of Jewish Center in Argentina That Killed 85 People....
Sri Lankan army shells hospital, kills 64 civilians
3 men file complaint against RCMP after raid
Haaretz poll: 66% of Israeli Jews favor attack on Iran. Israel is a nation of peace loving people my ass.
Iran Launches Airstrikes on Iraqi Villages
Israeli troops set fire to wheat and barley fields in Gaza
Apartheid Israel systematically question Gaza patients in an attempt to recruit Palestinians as collaborators
One million candidates, 44 parties, running for up to 50,000 seats: Indonesias election
Give me your expertise, Worldnews:  Im teaching an EU course this summer -- I need good ideas for country-specific newspapers
An interview with a jailed Somali pirate leader
Delara Darabi: Oh mother, I see the hangman\s noose in front of me. Prison official: We will easily execute your daughter and there\s nothing you can do about it. Then, with a chilling click, the line went dead 
SARS sleuth attacks WHO for being worthless at doing their jo
Targeted by Taliban, Sikhs flee Pak region; India concerned 
Israel Faces a Hard Sell: The American, European and Arab response is that for Iran to be checked, every nation needs to do its part, and Israels part is to work toward ending the occupation, stopping settlement construction and fostering the creation of a Palestinian state.
French Navy said they seized 11 pirates Sunday after they apparently mistook a French military vessel for a commercial ship and made a run at it.
More Gaza patients quizzed at crossings, pressed to collaborate, held for undisclosed periods of time - Israeli charity
The Pirate Party becomes the third biggest party in Sweden by membership count
New male contraceptive injection 99 per cent effective! 
Pilots refuse to take part in national identity card trials (UK)
Israeli human rights activist Ezra Nawi will most likely be sent to jail. Only international attention can help him now.
Russian elites (including the chief environment minster) killed while hunting endangered goats.  Oligarchs:0, Goats:7
Eight men arrested over yesterday\s killing of 44 people at a Turkish wedding were all members of state-backed Village Guard units set up to help combat Kurdish separatists in Turkey\s southeast.
TPB judge accused of bias in another case
For an army which claims it doesnt target civilians the IDF has a proporsionally impressive record of killing civilians, unmatched by any other developed nation on Earth. Former IDF soldiers reveal theres a difference between what Israel says and what Israel expects of its soldiers
Romania risks getting a 700 million Euro fine from the EU
Could this be considered progress?  Man stoned to death in Iran for adultery
Where are the most people imprisoned? [chart]
Giant spiders invade Australian Outback town
Afghanistans only pig quarantined in flu fear
UN demands access to secret Israeli torture jail + UN probe finds Israel guilty of war crimes
Up to 100 dead in Afghan raid, largest loss of civilian life in a single incident since US-led forces invaded Afghanistan in 2001
Eighteen Zimbabwean Activists Released On Bail After False Terror Charges
Talkshow host says Koran is book of hate. UK bans him from entering. Sues
Michael Savage and Others Banned from UK
Alleged war crimes committed during the Gaza war - the full UN investigation report.
Pirates Seize German Cargo Ship, Again
Inside is a landscape of extraordinary human wreckage. The rooms resemble catacombs; lightless and fetid and crammed with dozens, even hundreds, of bodies, each one clinging to his bit of space, his bit of elixir.
Is There a Save Darfur Industrial Complex?
Russia investigates the use of helicopters to hunt endangered goats
Anonymous Supports Blue Heart Campaign Against Human Trafficking
Demolitions build Jerusalem tension
Eric Arthur Blair  aka George Orwell must be proud:  Thought police muscle up in Britain
British Muslim Immigrants More Strongly Identify With Being British Than The Rest of the Population
Irish students fake quote on the Wikipedia is been used in newspaper obituaries around the world
EU wants Internet G12 to govern cyberspace. (Too much information and free speech makes the ruling classes nervous?)
Indias Election: how democracy may turn the caste system upside down.
Dr. Kamal Labwani, a prominent political and human rights activist, is serving a 12 year sentence in Syria after an unfair trial
We want to leave the city, but we cannot go out because of the fighting.  We will be killed, our children will be killed, our women will be killed and these Taliban will escape.
Afghanistan: NATO Should Come Clean on White Phosphorus
South Korea NIS raids 19 places related to the unification movement
WTF! British law requires every schoolchild to participate in an act of collective worship every 24 hours, irrespective of what the child thinks or believes...
Go back and die in Gaza
Roughly 8,000 people caught the disease, about 10% of them died and a large number of survivors were maimed by frantic, emergency treatments. The regional economy, and many businesses, got hammered.
Hundreds of thousands of Pakistanis flee fighting
Ghana prayer camps cast out demons, chain mentally ill [video]
North Korea vows to bolster nuclear arsenal
From Bangladesh to Darfur: How internalised racism has permitted lighter skinned- Muslims to slaughter their darker skinned co-religionists.
Toronto Man Charged with Attempted Murder for Unsafe Sex
Palestinians struggling to cope with the Israeli blockade of Gaza and the trauma of war are turning to painkillers and tranquillizers at a rate that risks triggering a wave of addiction.
1 million people now displaced by fighting in Pakistans northwest
Sikh police in Britain push for bulletproof turbans
Gunmen kill Darfur peacekeeper during carjacking
Saudi beauty queen: Veiled face and judged on morals
Sierra Leone child miners: Legacy of conflict 
CODEPINK Mothers Day 2009: I will not raise my children to kill another mother\s child
Gunman shoots three police, holed up in house for past 24 hours, has heaps of guns , large stocks of ammunition, and explosives. Police sending in Bull Dozer.......
The PirateBay launches a D-DO$ attack. Wonderful, let us all join in and send a few dimes...
Israeli academics on the problems with Wikipedia. Furthermore, the Wikipedia entry on January\s Operation Cast Lead in Gaza describes it as an intense bombardment by Israel on a civilian population.  Cause thats what it FUCKING WAS!
Change:  China overtakes the US as Brazils largest trading partner
Legalising Drugs: Lessons From Portugal
Video of a Guatemalan lawyer filmed the day before he was assassinated and uploaded to Youtube accuses Guatemalan president Alvaro Colom as his killer
The World Health Organization is investigating an Australian researchers claim that the swine flu virus circling the globe may have been created as a result of human error.
Cocaine Purity down, Prices up
Guatemala: In YouTube Video Shot Before His Death, Attorney Blames President for His Assasination (With transcript in English)
Russian intelligence sources, however, point to a more credible cause of death linked to the fact that Kellermann appeared to have discovered that Freddie Mac had syphoned over 50 billion dollars to Zionist and Israeli interests and organizations, and he was about to become a whistleblower
torture tape sheikh arrested but will probably only get a slap on the wrist
Hersh: Children sodomized at Abu Ghraib, on tape
Inquirer defends the indefensible: A monthly column by torture architect John Yoo
Taliban suspected as 86 Afghan girls are hospitalised following THIRD school poisoning
Released pre recorded video of assassinated guatemalan Lawyer blaming the President of Guatemala for his death (in spanish)
4 days of fierce battles between Islamic Militant Groups and forces loyal to the Transitional Somali Government in Mogadishu (Somalia)
It pays to be married ,Where being single costs you most.
Tamil Tigers have been surrounded by Sri Lanka Army and today, this is the new map of New Safe Zone
OECD report: Worlds Happiest Places -- Denmark, Finland and the Netherlands rated tops
Sri Lankan government forces shells hospital - at least 45 dead
The man Netanyahu plans to make Israels new ambassador to the US believes that Israel should unilaterally withdraw from the West Bank and evacuate the settlements.
Doctor says 49 killed in Sri Lanka hospital attack
49 killed in Sri Lanka hospital attack
This is London  the capital of Somali pirates secret intelligence operation
Russia holds Victory Day celebration: rows of tanks and missiles parade through Red Square in largest display of military might since Soviet times
Torture: It Was Never Just Sleep Deprivation
I was murdered by president Alvaro Colom
Everyone is very angry with this wretched American. He is the cause of all these problems. He\s a fool.  Way to really blow it for Suu Kyi, dude.  
Israel moves on plan to annex Palestinian land, cut West Bank in two.
Russia warns of war within a decade over Arctic oil and gas riches as nations struggle for control of the worlds dwindling energy reserves.
40,000-year-old figurine thought to be the oldest example of human representation - Clearly carved by a breast man 
Gaza man: Israeli troops forced me to drink urine 
Russia warns of war over Arctic resources
Gordon Browns government has repeatedly blamed Iceland for its own financial failures. Its time to set the record straight.
Ailing Suu Kyi taken to prison: reports
Its a bird, its a plane. No, no, its cocaine - Spanish study shows cocaine in the air in Madrid and Barcelona.
Poll: 59% of Venezuelans back Chavez
EU Slaps Intel with $1.43B Antitrust Fine, AMD Reprieved
The Seal Men of Korea
Pakistans religious minorities live in terror, Long live Taliban! Death to infidels!, Christians flee for their lives.
The number of Arab Christians has plummeted across the Mideast in recent years as increasing numbers seek to move to the West, saying they feel increasingly unwelcome in the Middle East
Israeli Politician Jokes About Starving Children: The idea is to put the Palestinians on a diet, but not to make them of hunger
Prominent Civil Rights Lawyer Arrested in Zimbabwe
Burmas Suu Kyi to be charged
British Association for Adoption and Fostering: Critics of gay parenting are \retarded homophobes\. 
Finland ignored warnings of prisoner prostitution in Afghanistan
Men should hold onto dongs... [Seriously, this belongs in world news]
Obsession with Naked Women Dates Back 35,000 Years
Burmas bad ass ruling military junta: They want jail Suu Kyi for upto five years for being nice to an US citizen.
Saudi Judge Causes Uproar For Saying Its Okay For Men To Beat Their Wives
Swine flu infected Mexico\s relations with friendly countries
The leader of the Tamil Tiger rebels, Velupillai Prabhakaran, is dead
Former Mexican President Vicente Fox urges the decriminalization of marijuana in both Mexico and the US, saying it cant be that the only way is for the state to use force.
Water is becoming privatized and may soon be on the open market as a commodity. The world is running out of water and we need to spread the word and take action. Watch this Documentary called Flow: For the Love of Water and see the Truth behind the Worlds Water Supply
Canadian detectives beer knowledge leads to jail for U.S. pedophile
I give it 72 hours tops before 4chan has hacked and ripped this entire database.
Banks like Citigroup-owned Banamex get away with charging Mexican credit account-holders usurious interest rates of up to 100 percent. 
 Sabotage hits Britains biggest cycle race
Leading Muslim Scholars in Pakistan Denounce the Taliban
Burmas Aung San Suu Kyi on trial 
(UK) Rise in use of drug tests to sack staff without redundancy pay
Maoists Storm Nepals Parliament
Lithuania gets first woman head of state
Thousands Displaced By War In Pakistan
Pakistan Is Rapidly Adding Nuclear Arms, U.S. Say
Irans spiritual leader discourages electing a pro-Western president
150 newly elected MPs in India have criminal records
Former prime minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto was assassinated on the orders of the special death squad formed by former US vice-president Dick Cheney, which had already killed the Lebanese Prime Minister Rafique Al Hariri and the army chief of that country
A Philippine Navy Lieutenant is currently in hiding out fear for her life after exposing her countrys military embezzling of millions of dollars in US aid intended to fight Islamic fundamentalist terrorism in the region
Australian topless bathing ban urged
Guatemala: Thousands protest over allegations president had lawyer murdered
James Lull, Ponzi Scammer, Drives Truck Off Cliff The Day Of His Sentencing
Darfur rebel leader surrenders to war crimes court; Sudanese president continues to refuse cooperation
Woman, 66, defends right to have baby!
Indian markets surge on Congress win
The hijacking of merchant ships by Somali pirates has forced the world to take notice of a country thats been in a violent downward spiral for decades. Is there any hope for Somalia?
European Parliament in for a shock from The Pirate Party: Our politicians are digital illiterates 
Putin to the West: Hands Off Ukraine
Pirate Bay Money Squeeze Rejected by Court - The request from four major record labels to fine the Pirate Bay operators for every day the site remains up and running was declined by the Swedish District Court
Russia: Has a 26yo gymnast just given birth to Vladimir Putins illegitimate son?
Crooks in Parliament - How British MPs defrauded the taxpayers and are getting away with it!
N. Koreas nuclear blast showed up on seismographs with the punch of a magnitude 4.7 earthquake, or 10 to 20 kilotons, on par with Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombs
Fraud trial against Scientologists threatens to drive Scientology out of France
United Nations officials in Afghanistan are attempting to create a flood of drugs in the country intended to destroy the value of opium and force poppy farmers to switch to legal crops such as wheat.
Town of the damned: 18 children all with the same terrible birth defects. Coincidence - or victims of a poisonous past?
North Korea has test-fired two more missiles, hours after the UN Security Council unanimously condemned its nuclear test, South Korean reports say.
Mexico: 10 mayors arrested in a drug trafficking operation
Iran has sent 6 warships and logistic vessels to the Gulf of Aden and the surrounding international waters
In Brazil, they use model helicopters to sneak mobile phones into jail.  Beats using a balloon to smuggle it on your persons.
The United Nations special tribunal investigating the murder of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik al-Hariri has reached surprising new conclusions -- and it is keeping them secret. Investigators now believe Hezbollah was behind the Hariri murder.
(Africa) Donors are now focusing less on charity and more on the continents small entrepreneurs
Unbelievable hypocrisy of far right leader, Nick Griffin. He claims to be a patriot when he has a history of praising the courage of Hitlers SS and accusing Britains RAF of mass murder
Israeli party proposes loyalty bill which would force Arabic community to swear allegiance to Jewish state
Well dismantle wildcat West Bank settlements - but only if legal ones can stay, claim Israelis
Dubai suffers biggest house price slump in the world
Russia Military now following US with Unmanned Aircraft Vehicles?
Zimbabwe cholera close to 100,000 and over 4000 deaths
Israel Willing To Reign In Settlements In Exchange For Hostility with Iran 
North Korea fires two more missiles
Scientology Trial Could Ban the Church in France
Traces of cocaine found in Red Bull. 
16 year old Iraqi Immigrant cracks centuries-old mathematical puzzle
The Palestinian Archipelago [Map]
Israel to continue construction in West Bank despite US calls for a freeze on its work.  Also, will continue accepting money from US taxpayers
SIBEL EDMONDS: Announcing Project Expose MSM | Whistleblowers set to name names, turn tables on media whove betrayed our trust | Newsweek reporters named in real-life case example of new project...
Israelis get four times more water than Palestinians, says World Bank report
Italian Prime Minister is having an affair with an 18 year old girl.
High school athlete convicted of manslaughter in rugby death
After 14 years, pipeline deal agreed.  Good news for Iran, Pakistan,Russia, China.  Bad news for Afghanistan, Europe, USA.
From Bangkok to Berlin, Hard Times Hit the Sex Trade
Italy sinks closer to criminal rule as cash-rich Mafia tightens its grip on the country, defying Berlusconi
UN brushes aside calls to investigate Sri Lanka war crimes
Countries that are Least Affected by Recession
Nowadays we know that the ethnic cleansing of Palestine was an orchestrated operation that was planned well in advance.
Evening Standard are happy to sell newspapers in this way? Even though one of their own vendors was f*****g KILLED during this trouble?
Argentina - Supreme Court orders reopening of AMIA probe: 85 people died in 1994 bombing of Jewish centre
Palestinians declared that an Israeli return to the 1948 borders would solve the problems
U.N. command rejects N. Korean nullification of Korean War truce  
First there was the Nakba law, then the loyalty oath, now the Israeli Knesset is considering a bill that would institute a one year jail sentence for anyone who speaks against Israel\s existence as a Jewish and democratic state. 
Defending Israeli War Crimes
Australia sends money to dead people
Proposed Israeli law to outlaw expressions of grief or mourning on the anniversary of Israel\s independence is a Zionist and patriotic bill
China guts budding civil rights movement
U.S., South Korea raise military alert on North
Well theres a bloody surprise!
Roxana Saberi On Her Imprisonment In Iran
The hidden massacre: More than 20,000 Tamil civilians were killed in the final throes of the Sri Lankan civil war, most as a result of government shelling
You got to love it - One of Canada\s most respected research organizations has a black eye after being forced to withdraw three reports on copyright and intellectual property because they contained plagiarized information
Scientology on Trial in France: Can a Religion Be Banned?
Canadas Governor General defends her decision to eat raw seal heart
At the same time as Bush officials were accusing Iran of harboring Al Qaeda terrorists, Iran was secretly helping the U.S. bomb taliban units and find Al Qaeda operatives
The slaves next door: Domestic slavery is alive and well in the world
An Iranian official talks about yesterday\s mosque bombing that killed 20 people: The terrorists, who were equipped by America in one of our neighbouring countries, carried out this criminal act in their efforts to create religious conflict and fear and to influence the presidential election.
Chinese fishing boats operating near the Northern Limit Line (NLL) began withdrawing yesterday, - Now that there\s talk of... an all-out war, we fishermen are worried. 
Two British men have been arrested in France after customs officers found a record 684kg (1,507lbs) of cocaine inside their lorry
Wikipedia bans Church of Scientology : Wikioperating Thetan Level Zero
Despite the fact that half the world menstruates, most people overlook the serious repercussions of a lack of affordable sanitary supplies in developing countries. The reason? Most people dont know that it is a problem.
North Korea fires short-range missile off east coast
The most expensive American public diplomacy effort in decades, a U.S. funded Arab network that has cost us $500M+ since 2004, now has a viewership of 0.5 percent, below the polls margin of error. Yet Its budget keeps increasing.
This bird should definately win mother of the year 2009
Chinese ships shunning waters near Korea amid tensions
Heavy rainfall causes dam burst in Brazilian state of Piaui
The memoirs of Zhao Ziyang provide insight into what China would be like today if the 1989 democracy movement had prevailed.
Iran official blames U.S. in deadly mosque bombing
1968 Revisited: The Truth about the Gunshot that Changed Germany
The Inuit may be more at risk than seals
Swedish companies uses crisis as pretext to shed poor performers
Chances are, you live in one of the 14 nations with armed forces known to have used cluster munitions, categorically prohibited by the Oslo Process.  Heres the full report.
The harsh necessity of child labour
Kidnapped son found on Facebook
Sullys passengers reunited with items they thought gone forever
An Air France aircraft carrying 215 people has disappeared off the radar in the Atlantic Ocean off Brazil
Can you tell the difference between an Israeli and a Palestinian? 
Former German MP/Judge offers $1m reward for prosecution of Bush, Cheney, Rumsfeld, and Blair
North Korea starts landing exercises using amphibious vessels - may be planning attack on South Korean island
President of El Salvador sends son to France to escape the violence of his native El Salvador. Son is stabbed to death with an awl on a Parisian bridge in a random act of violence with no apparent motive.
Indonesian model that married Malaysian prince says she was kidnapped, drugged and sexually abused by the royal family, escapes with help of Singaporean police
The Attack on the LIBERTY: The Untold Story of Israel\s Deadly 1967 Assault on a U.S. Spy Ship:A Book Review and More
El Salvadors first leftist president takes power - Hillary Clinton attended the inauguration
Thousands of Indian farmers switching back to organic from Agribusiness genetic engineered crops
several hundred students are missing, maybe kidnapped in Pakistan
North Korea prepares for more missile tests
Zimbabwes Destitute Britons Repatriated
China, USA or Russia - Where is cybercrimes heart of darkness?
Russian police makes first ever bittorrent raid
Todays the day that Canada and the US officially become separate countries
Australian tax payers to fund obesity surgery!
Fears mount that North Korea is preparing to attack the South
Stay at least 1,000 feet from the border, the May 25 pamphlets advised Palestinians, or risk being shot by the IDF. The UN says the Israeli buffer zone eats up 30 percent of Gaza\s arable land. The Israeli soldiers, they shoot at everything  dogs, sheep.
Millions in Europe sink into unemployment and poverty
Israel stages Biggest-ever War drill
The great carbon credit con: Why are we paying the Third World to poison its environment?
Tiananmen Square survivor pleads: Dont forget the truth
[breaking] Air France aeroplane goes missing off the coast of Brasil with 215 on board
Escaping North Korea-  Defection is daunting. So is starting a new, free life.
Special Report: Combating Piracy - Piracy is on the rise; so are efforts to stop it 
Jaqui Smith finally fucking off, civil rights has a small respite and breathes a sigh of relief
Life expectancy Vs Income/person across the world over 2 centuries [map]
To understand how North Korea has come up with the money to finance its missile-and-nuclear-weapons program, its important to realize that Koreans havent been living in caves for the past 2 decades.
Dutch journalist is kidnapped by Talibans who rape her repeatedly. Her comments about the Taliban: They also respected me, They are not monsters, ... could not control his testosterone. A story about Stockholm syndrome and the politically correct.
Why the Air France plane crashed: Salon\s Ask the Pilot explains the possibilities
A quick fix for up to half of all child deaths?
Mexico detains 25 police officers for alleged ties to drug traffickers
Kazakhstan\s former head of state nuclear power agency stole over 60% of the countries Uranium!
Public believe politicians are corrupt. In other news: Bears shit in woods
Brazil Defense Minister confirms that the debris found belong to the missing Air France plane
Zimbabwe may replace worthless currency with South African rand
Rape Crisis in East Congo Tied to Mining Activity
Denmark finishes first, US 28th, on Global Competitive Stress Test
Red-faced police crack mystery
Kim Jong Il names successor
Theres a new world out there, countries where economic growth continues to power ahead, govts arent buried under a mountain of debt and citizens remain remarkably optimistic about their future.
Wreckage found for AirFrance flight 447
Pakistans Victories Over the Taliban: Less Than Meets the Eye - TIME
Israel rejects US demands for settlement freeze: I have to admire the residents of Iroquois territory for assuming that they have a right to determine where Jews should live in Jerusalem. - Israeli Government Press Director 
A thoughtful obituary for Roh Moo-hyun, former president of South Korea. Before he left the house, and before he jumped from a high cliff into a ravine, he had left a note to his family on his computer. He said he had \made the life of too many people difficult.\
Obama pledges new realism in ties with Israel  warning the Jewish state of profoundly negative trends in the region, not only for Israeli interests but also US interests,
Netanyahu: Obama Call For Settlement Freeze Unreasonable
Hardline Pakistani cleric linked to Mumbai attacks released by Pakistani high court
The Dark Side of Plan Colombia: How the U.S. is Subsidizing Death and Drug Trafficking on Stolen Lands
Google Earth guide to the palaces of North Korea:  Amateur spies put North Korea on the map
David Carradine Found Dead in Bangkok
Never before published photo, before shown only to friends, shows Tank Man from street level in the distance at left, framed by two tree trunks, on the verge of the confrontation with the tanks in the distance right. [PIC]
Mitsubishi corners 40% of the world market in bluefin tuna - one of the worlds most endangered fish - freezing them for future sale in several years time for astronomical sums when they become commercially extinct
Chinese authorities on Tiananmen square use their umbrellas to cover the view whenever CNN tries to film something. Subtle. [video]
Chinese Police Armed With Umbrellas [vid]
Destroy their holy sites. Kill men, women and children, wrote Rabbi Manis Friedman who now claims the quote was misleading because they were the answer to a different question !
Another girls school blown up in Pakistan
Tank Man. Great Frontline Documentary about the Tiananmen Square protests that happened 20 years ago today.
International Media being blocked from filming in Tiananmen Square due to ridiculous and hilarious censorship method
PM Gordon Brown faces growing pressure to quit: European, British polls, rebel MPs and Ministerial resignations
The US president paid tribute to Islams influence on religion, culture and civilisation, and started with the traditional Arabic greeting assalaamu alaykum  peace be upon you  to thunderous applause.
Chinese govt use umbrellas to stop foreign journalists recording around Tiananmen Square
Eddie Izzard says vote for anyone , even mice , not the BNP .Less than an hour to fight racists UK.
Infant formulas purchased from stores in Canada show widespread tainting with traces of melamine
A Turkish shopkeeper in Brighton, East Sussex, has been banned from selling alcohol until he learns to speak English well enough to ask customers their age. 
President Obama Speaks to the Muslim World from Cairo (VIDEO)
Iran first ever live TV presidential elections debate shows hard-hitting encounter between Ahmadinejad and opponents
Slate.com has a great gallery remembering the Tiananmen Square protest and massacre
China ready to pounce on Tiananmen protests
Thinking of voting BNP ?
Boris falls into river
Appeals court reinstates lawsuit against Royal Dutch Shell PLC unit over the 1995 deaths of Nigerian activist Ken Saro-Wiwa and others
Actually, where Im from June, 4th 1989 is celebrated as the day freedom finally triumphed after 50 long years
The BNP want national service and a gun in every home . Refuse conscription and lose the right to vote , education and training . See page 52 ( google html version , its that or a PDF)
Air France Flight 447 may have stalled at 35,000ft
Warning: Sir Richard Dearlove is concerned about the loss of liberties in Big Brother Britain The former head of MI6 has hit out at striking and disturbing invasions of privacy by the Big Brother state. 
Jewish communities in Galilee: Were not racist, we just dont want Arabs to move in.
Surplus of Bachelors Spurs Scam in China - WSJ.com
One more reason to remember June 4th, 1989
British Government falling apart after the third resignation by a cabinet minister in three days
Peace index ranks New Zealand the safest country in the world
Netherlands Anti-Muslim party the big winner of European Parliament elections. Im so fucking embarassed to be Dutch today.
Dutch far-right gain in EU poll
 Record turnout at Hong Kong Tiananmen candlelight vigil
Nationalisation and workers control in Venezuela: When the working class roars, capitalists tremble
British Government falling apart: PM Gordon Brown told to go as third minister quits
Canada refuses U.S. request to accept Chinese Muslims from Guantanamo
Remembering Tiananmen, 20 years later (PICS) 
UN: Israeli buffer zone eats up 30 percent of Gazas arable land
Iran\s Supreme Leader Responds to Obama\s Cairo Speech, Muslims Will Continue to Hate America, Beautiful Speeches Won\t Change That.....
Another Palestinian protester dies from rubber bullet.  Witnesses said Israeli troops fired tear gas, rubber bullets and possibly live rounds at rock-throwing demonstrators in the village.
This kind of thing makes you wonder why we even bother to keep secrets from other countries.
How Tiananmen shook Europe
Debris found in Atlantic not from missing Air France plane
Recovered debris not from Air France jet, Brazilian officials say 
Is Gordon Brown Still Prime Minister?
Everything that is happening in politics and economics in China today has some connection with Tiananmen
They still havent found a trace of that Air France jet yet.
Under foreign pressure to reach a truce, the Sri Lankan government decided to achieve a speedy victory over the Tamil rebels by relying more on shelling, which caused more civilian casualties. Way to go, world!
Companies hire shipriders against Somali pirates
Pirate Party Wins and Enters The European Parliament | Torre
From their own website: The BNP is an ethno-nationalist party. We do not have, and will not have, any non-white or Muslim members.
Becoming a soldier in Croatia will now give you the right to smoke marijuana - War veterans can smoke pot in Croatia
$134.5 billion in US government securities seized from Japanese nationals, not clear whether real or fake
Somali Islamists have taken to desecrating the graves of Sufi muslims, calling them idolatrous,  and now some Sufis are taking up arms against a foreign idealogy
Khmer Rouge prison chief admits his staff murdered babies by smashing them against trees at a killing field
Hizbullah defeated in Lebanon parliamentary elections
Sophisticated Europeans, Obese Americans? - Are the Differences Between Europe and America Really That Large?
American journalists sentenced to 12 years hard labor in North Korea
North Koreas top court has convicted two U.S. journalists, and sentenced them to 12 years in labor prison
How Pirates Shook European Politics
North Korea bans ships off east coast amid fears of missile launch 
UK:  Labour has suffered its worst post-war election result as it was beaten into third place by UKIP and saw the BNP gain its first seats at Brussels.
China is now the worlds No. 2 arms spender. Still, the U.S. is far ahead in first place with 42% of total world arms expenditures.
Swedens Pirate Party captures Euro seat
Body of American mountain climber found in SW China; search continues for two other climbers
IDF kills 4 Gaza gunmen; Karni crossing closed to fuel and goods
David Carradine was killed because he was investigating kung fu crime lords
Drudge Retort: Europe Isnt Afraid of Cleared Gitmo Detainees
Pirate Bay Nemesis Has Name Changed By Pranksters
N. Korea Sentences 2 U.S. Journalists to 12 Years of Hard Labor 
Real IRA chief to blame for Omagh
Fascism Returns to Europe (check out those uniforms)
Not happy with the results of the election? Tinker with the election system. Changes are being proposed to the European Parliament elections that would bring some stability into the system.
Listen to the head of the BNP defending his party, really quite disgusting
When Frank McGarahan saw a homeless man being beaten up, he stepped in - and paid for his courage with his life.
This is what Canadas government is doing: Money earmarked to support wind energy producers was diverted to research and development in the oil patch in backroom budget wrangling  lets bring down these SOBs 
The Generation Born of Rape during the Rwandan Genocide - I must be honest with you: I never loved this child
Damn, this is cruel, even for the Middle East: Palestinians with critically ill babies denied treatment unless they collaborate with Israeli intelligence 
Irans elections are a few hours away- LA Times had a good piece this morning on the current climate in Iran
Sports car maker Koenigsegg buys Saa
I wandered in a sea of green ribbons, hats, banners and bandannas to a rally at which Ahmadinejad was mocked as a midget and Moussavis wife, Zahra Rahnavard, sporting a floral hijab that taunted grey-black officialdom, warned the president that: If there is vote rigging, Iran will rise up.
Shell brutality not restricted to Nigerians - troublesome Irish fishermans boat sunk by masked Shell security personnel
It is getting harder to hide the superiority complexity of the settler movement: I dont believe in western morality, i.e. dont kill civilians or children ... dont shoot until they shoot first because it is immoral
2 Japanese arrested after trying to smuggle $134 bil worth of U.S. bonds into Switzerland - WTF?
Gaddafi: It is not a piracy, it is self defense. It is defending the Somalia children\s food!\\
A 72-year-old great-grandmother in Texas has threatened to sue police after an officer tased her.
Venezuela bans Coke Zero, cites danger to health
The global economic meltdown has claimed an unexpected victim: North Koreas chain of restaurants in Southeast Asia. Though staunchly socialist at home, the North Korean government has been quite successful in running capitalist enterprises abroad.
European election: 60% abstain; big gains for the right; revolutionary left wins seats in Portugal and Ireland
WHO declares pandemic level 6. Fearmongering to continue at levels not seen since 1968.
Who Is Winning the Arctic Game of Monopoly?
Police count the cost of migrants
Free Wi-fi internet for Romanians 
WHO: World now at the start of 2009 influenza pandemic
In the Name of Mine. El Salvador\s civil war, 1980\s. American-backed death squads terrorize the countryside. Several brave journalists spent weeks with the FMLN resistance, filming their fight for justice. Part 1 of 8.
Peled proposes Israeli sanctions on US
Canada to stop producing medical isotopes.
Indian Prostitutes Learn Karate To Fight Johns, Pimps
India lodges protest against Chinese drugs with fake Made in India tag
Darkness falls. Berlusconi decree on wiretapping is the end of justice, press freedom and blogs in Italy. Its the night of democracy and too many are asleep
A ghettoized Gaza bears striking similarities to the Warsaw ghetto.
Iran rivals BOTH declare victory in elections.
Hidden Truth --- Women are abusers too.
Two japanese citizens were detained in Italy after allegedly attempting to take $134 billion worth of U.S. bonds over the border into Switzerland. 
Bosses at the bakery in Valencia are accused of dumping him 100m (330 feet) from the hospital entrance and throwing the severed limb in a garbage bin.
They (Amazon indigenous) are not first class citizens. Alan Garcia  President  of Peru
 U.S. student at Italian murder trial says police beat her
Italy - Customs Finds $134 Billion in a Suitcase
Natural Growth Means Whatever the Israeli Government Wants it To Mean : Just ask the Israeli Arabs or Palestinians.  If youre the wrong demographic no housing for you
Irans old guard are poised to crush any hope of revolution.
Sad plight of Pakistans displaced
To the Iranian redditors: Who do you think is gonna win today? Will it be rigged or does the oppostion have a real chance?
We were scared and crying, we didnt know where we were or what was happening
Finding a solution to Australian racism attacks on Indian students!
Ahmadinejad loses Irans presidential election according to Mousavi
D.C. manicurist raised more than $250,000 to build school in native Ethiopia
Mexican State Confiscates Rifles from Local Cops
Iran Presidential debate - Mousavi - Ahmadinejad
Starving Gaza: items banned from entering Gaza: Halva, tea, juice powder.
Gay Israelis prepare for their big day
In the end, though, no matter how and why Europeans voted last week, they appear convinced that their economic fate will not be decided in Paris or Berlinlet alone in Brussels or Strasbourgbut in Washington, D.C.
Dems Draft of Helth-Care Bill to Include $600 Billion Tax Increase...cost over $1 Trillion
Palestine / Israel : Police discover the corpse of a 15 year old Palestinian boy who had been tortured and then hanged.
&lt;BREAKING&gt; Iran rivals claim poll victory 
Its the law and its official. Vancouver, site of the 2010 Winter Olympics, has forbidden police to seize cameras unless part of an arrest, or a warrant has been issued.
1 Out Of 4 Men In South Africa Have Commited Rape. 1 Out Of 10 SA Men Have Been Raped By Other Men.
They broke the door and entered the dormitory. I saw today all the doors had been broken. They hit my friends while they were asleep. They brought them to the yard and hit them again. They arrested about 200  five or six were killed.
2,000 indigenous people from the Association for the Development of the Peruvian Jungle gathered to protest plans for the U.S.-Peru Trade Promotion Agreement.  At least 50 are dead and 100s missing after Peruvian police used helicopters and ground troops to suppress the demonstration.
FiveThirtyEight, one of the best election and polling analysis sites, is doubtful of the statistical evidence of vote fraud in Iran
News from Iran live-blog: Microsoft continues to block its internet messaging service in Iran (see 3:00pm update) Whos side are they on???
Perus President Alan Garcia has Finally Admitted that the Government Has Made Mistakes and Did not Properly Consult Amazonian Tribes in Regard to Several Laws that Would Allow Oil Exploration and Affect Their Lands-- He is Now Asking Congress to Repeal Those Laws-- Peru is Moving Forward
The Pirate Bay is now The Persian Bay - Another site supporting Iran
The Iranian protesters are effective because theyre nonviolent... and there are women and children involved. The regime doesnt now how to handle this.
Protestors hold children, photos of murdered students, quotes by Gandhi, signs like we are the nation, not rabble 
Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is about to issue warning of severe consequences if protests continue
Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has almost no support among Kurds whatsoever. Claiming he won 70 percent in Kermanshah is as outlandish as Dick Cheney winning San Francisco and Berkeley in a landslide.
UK is doing away with fundamental rights! First trial without jury approved
Ebrahim Yazdi, Irans former foreign minister, thrown in jail
War Nerd: Irans Cedar Show, A.K.A. Dont Get Excited, the Protestors Are Just Letting Off Some Steam - By Gary Brecher - The eXiled
After half time they removed their Green bands, knowing that they would have to fly back toTehran after the game
Twitter wont bring down Ahmadinejad |Twitter wont bring down Ahmadinejad. The real action in Iran is in the streets. Social media is documenting the revolution - not leading it
Irans Supreme Leader to Give Sermon on Friday at Tehran University, Site of Crackdown on Democracy Protestors
National anthem will be played daily in some Canadian schools. Canada emulating US patriotic facade
Irans Election Chaos. Iran braced for a fourth day of massive protests Thursday by opponents of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. We support our revolution. Most of people are with green flags supporting the opposition. + Good video inside
Tony Blair knew of secret policy on terror interrogations | Politics | The Guardian
Shocking statistic: One in four South African men questioned in a survey said they had raped someone and nearly half admitted having attacked more than one victim.
Italian Minister of Tourism doing the Fascist Salute over the National Anthem - She\s the one in pink [VID]
Wrecked the house after the bank auctioned it off - Iceland
Borderline Bigots - Mexico Tells Immigrants: No Way, Jos
Unimaginable Horror In Tehran Today
The mass protests in Iran would not be allowed in the US either. And they werent allowed in the US under Bush-Cheney.
Waterboarding used on marijuana suspects in London
IRAN: In Baharestan we saw militia with axe choping people like meat - blood everywhere - like butcher (Pic at bottom is VERY GRAPHIC)
Hamas accepts 2 state solution
Women in Malmo, Sweden win right to go to the pool topless. Anyone else love sweden?
Jewish settlers want all of Jerusalem
N. Korea warns of dark clouds of nuclear war
The last uncontacted tribe on Earth
Canadian bill allow authorities to access personal information of ISP subscribers without a warrant
Pensioners kidnapped and tortured a financial advisor because he lost 2million of their savings. The angry pensioners, aged between 60 and 79, had apparently invested 2.4m euros (2m) in Mr Amburns company, which he used to buy property in Florida.
Bowing to pressure from Washington, Israel granted U.S.-trained Palestinian security forces greater autonomy in four major West Bank cities
He decided it was time to start running when the police were coming. He turned back and saw some women still standing, These women are not afraid.
Stoned wallabies make crop circles
Reddit - 150 civilians have died in suicide attacks Iraq in the last week. One-hundred and fifty. Why does it seem that nobody in the media really cares?
More people getting shot in the streets today :(
United Nations praised drug decriminalization in its annual report on the state of global drug policy, especially Portugals radical drug policy in 2001
Perfect example of political projection: Israel\s JPost, cheering supporters of Gaza killings, condemns world for not intervening in Iran- while brave men and women fought a hopeless battle against the brutal repression of the security forces...no one lifted a finger to help them
British government warns of cyber-warfare attacks by Al Qaida, China and Russia - guess we can kiss our internet freedoms like real life ones goodbye
Free Gaza ship sets sail today [Thursday] to break \r\nthe Israeli siege and deliver tons of cement. \r\nPassengers include Cynthia McKinney who was also \r\nonboard the Dignity which was rammed by the \r\nIsraeli navy.
Forgive my naivete, but we thought Iraq had WMD and invaded them and N. Korea is pretty much saying they have them and they will start a war with them, why dont we invade N. Korea then?
11 bodies found inside abandoned car in Mexico
You have urinated on my jacket! - A Monkey urinates on Zambian leader
Al-Qaeda planning cyber war against Britain, warns Lord West
Best summary of the financial crisis that Ive seen
I am from Honduras: It was NOT a COUP!
Israel: Privately run checkpoint stops Palestinians with too much food 
Israel tries to pull one on Obama: Plans to build 1,450 houses in settlement as compensation for evacuating 50 houses.
India to repeal 150 year old law against homosexuality
They are still crying Allah akbar in Tehran every night. There were more clashes on the street yesterday after police beat an elderly woman. This crisis is far from over.
Honduran coup not a coup at all.  Any President who proposes to change their constitution to allow for another term will immediately cease carrying out their positions.
Red Cross: Israel trapping 1.5m Gazans in despair
US Air Force Test Fires ICBM Off California Coast -- Possible Warning To North Korea 
Bernard Madoff has been given a prison sentence of 150 years for masterminding a massive fraud that robbed investors of $65bn (40bn).
Chavez threatens to invade as Honduran army stages coup
The military coup that took place in Honduras this morning (Sunday, June 28), was led by School of the Americas graduate Romeo Vasquez.  Obamas statement fell short of calling for the reinstatement of Zelaya as the legitimate president.  Do you still think the CIA was not involved?
Red Cross: Six months after Israel launched its three-week attack on Gaza, Gazans still cannot rebuild their lives
Israel approves 50 settler homes on the West Bank
Bolivia Condemns Honduran Coup
Honduras Opinion Poll on changing the constitution exposes the timing and the motive for the coup.
Iran Council confirms Ahmadinejad election victory
Drug-resistant swine flu seen in Danish patient 
New Honduran president sworn in
Afghan leader: U.S. guards killed police chief
Ahmadinejad: Nedas death is suspicious
A provincial police chief and at least six other police have been killed in a clash with US-trained Afghan guards in Kandahar
Fireworks in Baghdad as U.S. troops leave- msnbc.com
Israel plans three-month settlement freeze - reports
NASA finds missing Moon landing tapes.
A former civil servant who wrote an internet blog imagining the kidnap and murder of the pop group Girls Aloud has been cleared of obscenity.
Happy Canada Day!
Israels naval blockade devastating key Gazan \r\nindustry and source of food: fishing. Oslo accord \r\nlimit was 20 nautical miles - Israel unilaterally \r\nreduced to 3 nautical miles
Eager to Tap Iraqs Vast Oil Reserves, Industry Execs Suggested Invasion
Now police say the man who died at April\s G20 demonstrations in London may have been assaulted by a police impersonator
Here we go again:  Israel planning to expropriate another 2% of West Bank land 
The new owners of The Pirate Bay say users will be paid for sharing files.
Irans Mousavi says new government illegitimate
Six Mousavi supporters reportedly hanged in Iran
Chinas Marlboro Country: The strange, underground world of Chinese counterfeit cigarettes.
North Korea vs. USS John McCain.  North Korea blinks. 
ID cards will never be compulsory for Britons. Yay!
Italian People: Not another US base on our soil!  A local referendum voted 95 percent against the base.  A leader of the opposition to the base has been elected to the local government.  An Italian prime minister has been temporarily thrown out of power.  
Whats next for Iceland?
Croatias PM Sanader steps down 
Goldman Sachs: \Engineering Every Major Market Manipulation Since the Great Depression\ - Rolling Stone
Israeli navy takes control of activist ship to Gaza
No cure for the human condition ... suicide rates are up in the one country where the happiness of people is the cornerstone of the government policy.
Al-Qaeda threatens France with revenge over burka stance
Darkness over Iran. Censorship strangle the iranian web but in the world the attention is still high
Naomi Klein: Oppose the state of Israel, not the \r\npeople
Two boys, ages 5 and 6, are caught in SNAFU in \r\nGaza because Israel wont allow them to go to \r\nJerusalem to renew their U.S. passports - \r\nNaturally, Israel blames Hamas
A garden party in east Beijing billed as a protest against Green Dam, a controversial web filtering software, turned into a celebration after the programme was postponed
Airbus Again: Teenage girl sole survivor of Comoros jet crash with 153 aboard
Sentencing will take place this week in the first federal cyber bullying case in the US which was brought to trial after a teenage girl took her own life.
In the wake of yesterdays crash of Yemenia Flight IY626, European Union Transport Commissioner Antonio Tajani is urging for an expansion of the EUs aviation blacklist.
Uganda to outlaw female circumcision 
BREAKING NEWS: 129 killed in Muslim riots in western China, state media report
Irans Revolutionary Guard takes command (and ownership of the country)
Weapons inspector who died of suicide in 03 was writing expose on Iraqs lack of WMDs 
At least 140 people killed in Uighur-Han riots in Western Chinas Xinjiang region
How to stop basiji bikers
China riots: worst outbreak of ethnic violence in 33 years
Israeli settlers attack peace activists and a news crew
As Marwa wrapped up her statement to the court, the accused man lunged at her with a knife he had brought with him. In front of her child, Marwa was stabbed eighteen times in less than 30 seconds.
Israeli Minister calls for Jewish takeover of Palestinian areas in Israel  
Think White Supremacy and Racism is Dead?  Think Again.  
Deadly Clashes in Honduras as Ex-Presidents Return Blocked 
It\s Been a Bad Week for Israel - Israel no longer \r\nenjoys its traditional \immunity\ from criticism
Ethnic Rioting In China - Twitter Blocked | Techgeist
Afghanistans only pig released from quarantine
Programmer Steals Software That Runs Goldman Sachs Automated Trading Systems
I know the translation is horrible, but the gist of it is this: on July 4, the government of Iran changed their statement, saying that the BBC and CNN faked Nedas death, and that no one actually died.
Boeing 757 breaks down? No problem, find a passenger who can fix it.
Iran to prosecute satellite TV contributors
McKinney released, returning to United States
Honduras: Riot police fire live rounds at protesters. 10-year-old boy killed. Honduran emergency services confirmed that a child had been killed and a Red Cross spokesman said it was treating about 30 people for injuries.
Christian MP got taxpayers to pay for 68 hotel pay-to-view movies 
140 killed in China riots  - [Video]
Britains most popular zoo was evacuated on Sunday after 30 chimpanzees escaped from their enclosure.
Hondurans pour into the streets -- `We are more determined than ever to overthrow this terrible coup
Woman who falsely cried rape jailed for 1 year 
A man is found guilty of insulting and abusing a muslim woman by calling her a terrorist and an Islamist whore. During an appeal court hearing, he stabs her 18 times to death. Her husband gets shot while trying to save her and it turns out that she was three months pregnant. 
MP uses his parliamentary immunity to break through the secret act: Britain outsources Torture. British Reddits, please read his statement - I cant think of anything more important to do today than read this and then writetothem(.org)
Rupert Murdochs newspapers try to bury evidence of their phone tapping and hacking of British politicians.
A forest of steel pillars was unveiled in Londons Hyde Park today honouring the victims of the July 7th, 2005 attacks on the citys transit system.
G8 - India is willing to discuss proposals to replace the US dollar as the global reserve currency
Rape a huge problem in Afghanistan, U.N. says. Families will often resort to the traditional and religious practices of baad and zina to save face, either by insisting the victim marry the rapist or prosecuting her for sexual relations outside of marriage.
A 31-year old, headscarf-wearing Egyptian Muslim woman, Marwa Al-Sherbini, who was about four months pregnant, takes her German neighbor to court for calling her a terrorist. Now, in the courtroom, the neighbor, Alex W., stabs her 18 times right in front of her 3-year old son.
Catholic priest pleads guilty to 29 sex offences 
Iranians arrested during election protests are being subjected to harsh interrogations, beatings, sleep deprivation, and threats of torture to extract false confessions stating that they were supported by foreign powers and aimed at overthrowing the government: HRW
Israeli Housing Minister: Jews, Arabs should not live together.  Arabs buy apartments in places with a Jewish nature, which causes unwanted friction.  He also complained about the expansion of [the Arab] population that doesn\t love the state of Israel.
Police give anti-social behaviour warning to two-year-old - Telegraph
Afghanistans only pig escapes
They are basically importing cheap labour, for cooking, cleaning and driving cabs, in the guise of education. Costly lesson for Indians in Australia.
Mojtaba Khamenei, son of the Iran\s supreme leader, has taken control of the militia being used to crush the protest movement, according to a senior Iranian source. This game has not finished. The game has only just started.
South Korea says the major websites including government agencies and banks have been paralyzed due to a suspected cyber attack.
BNP advocates sinking illegal immigrants boats at sea
Revealed  the secret torture evidence MI5 tried to suppress
Honduras: Teachers and workers are on strike since Monday for an unlimited period of time, condemn the military coup, reject the de-facto government
North Korea attacks! (US Treasury department and Secret Service web sites.)
As Iraq Stabilizes, China Bids on Its Oil Fields
A Letter from an Israeli jail
Homeschooled Inuit Ready to Graduate from US College at 16
Tories give $400K to Toronto Gay Pride Parade; Harper not gay about it.
Hey Reddit: Want to better understand the recent violence in China\s Xinjiang region?  Here\s Human Rights Watch\s report on the complex architecture of law, regulation, and policy in Xinjiang that denies Uighurs religious freedom, and by extension freedom of association, assembly, and expression.
Australia town bans the sale of bottled water, first community in the world to do so
She is fifteen. He is sixteen. She lures him into an ambush. Prepared by his rival. He is stabbed and beaten with baseball bats. He dies. The girl and the boy trot off, she carrying his hoodie and a bloody purse.
Pictures from those uighar-han riots weve been reading about (graphic)
Iran Erupts Again
Swiss unions demand six - thats right, six - weeks vacation for all
Drones kill X amount of people in country Y (I see this headlines so often I have become numb to the fact that unmanned machines are killing humans). Its like we are in a 1980\s sci-fi film or something...
Fox News owner under phone hacking investigation - breaking live.
Censordyne because Internet censorship is FUN. PS Fuck you Kevin Rudd
Charged with espionage for taking mobile pics in Iran 
An attempt by Hamas police to detain a young woman walking with a man along the Gaza beach has raised alarms that the Islamic militant group is seeking to match its political control of the coastal territory with a strict enforcement of Islamic law.
BNP leader: sink boats with African migrants on board
Violent clashes erupt between Iranian protesters and security forces\r\n
Russia shot down its own planes 
Iranian dissident blows the whistle on former militia colleagues who committed violent acts against protesters in recent weeks
Thousands protest, defy crackdown in Iran -- crowds chant death to the dictator
Crowd enjoyed watching a rape attack in public until this decent man stopped it
3-Year-Old Girl Killed with Acid...
The Israel Project: Ending Settlements = Ethnic Cleansing
Accused of returning to terrorism, former Gitmo detainee a respected Afghan politician
Remember those two US journalists arrested and jailed for grave crimes in N. Korea? Don\t worry, not many people do but they\re still in prison
Four JDL members trashed Paris bookstore | Jewish News | Jerusalem Post
More Than $600 Billion And Counting: Iraq War Lies Revisited
Sink immigrants boats, says BNP Member of European Parliament.
Pirate Bays anonymous web surfing  service Ipredator set for launch.
Tens of thousands of South Korean computers set to self-destruct on Friday, North Korea suspected.
Water wars break out in India. Bhopal (pop. 1.8 million) has been rationed to 30 minutes of water supply once every three days. Indore is half an hours supply every seven days.
UK cuts Israel weapons contracts  because of the indiscriminate killing of the civilians during the war on Gaza.
Kim Jong Il has pancreatic cancer
This is not a joke: Iran condemns Italy\s use of force to repress demonstrations against G8
In 2007 an Israeli company backed with 2 million dollars in funding set up a system to game social networking sites such as Reddit and Digg.
A NHS doctor from London who was held captive in a Bangladeshi psychiatric hospital and forced to marry someone she had never met.
Israel and EU Clash Over Settlements
How the state (UK) crushed the early 90s free party scene 
UK cuts Israel weapons contracts. At fucking last.\n
Top Iranian cleric Montazeri: Khamenei is illegitimate
Russia wants Israel to buy the S-300s sold to Iran \r\nif it wants to stop the deal.Pentagon advisor Dan \r\nGoure says the purchase would effectively rule \r\nout any strike against Iran(a last resort in case \r\nnegotiations over nuclear program are \r\nunsuccessful)
A video of a British soldier screaming obscenities and abuse at hooded Iraqi detainees was shown today at the opening session of a public inquiry into how the hotel receptionist, Baha Mousa, was killed while in British custody.
A group of Sudanese women flogged for dressing indecently - they were wearing trousers
Chinese artist looks into Sichuan earthquake deaths. He began his own investigation, collecting names of the children who died. He had reached more than 5,000 names before his blog was shut down last month.
N. Ireland: More than 1,000 Orangemen and their accompanying bandsmen eventually did march down the main road past Ardoyne to the beat of a lone drum  but only after riot police fought an hourlong street battle backed by a surveillance helicopter and three massive mobile water cannons.
African Obama Frenzy: We want him to rule all African countries
Irans Terrifying Facebook PoliceTravellers Facebook Page is Accessed by Iranian Immigration Agent and All Her Friends Names are Recorded.
Grand Ayatollah Montazeris Fatwa: The Supreme Leader is Illegitimate
Most expensive US jet ever can outfly anything else in the sky-- so long as it doesnt have to do it for longer than one hour and 42 minutes. After that, it can become a sitting duck.
In 2006, the big joke among Israeli leaders was \r\nputting Gaza on a diet (get it?). They\re still \r\nlaughing.
Two Uyghurs shot dead by Chinese police
Seven religious minority members face execution in Iran
Sudanese girls to get 10 lashes for wearing trousers.
Torture and Massacre of 2,000 at Afghan Prison May Have US Ties.  Obama Calls for Probe.  (Vid)
Kim Jong-il has pancreatic cancer according to South Korean TV
A new line of bottled water - this time not from the melting Alps, but rather from the contaminated ground near the site of the 1984 Bhopal catastrophe - scared Dow Chemicals London management team into hiding today.
Hindus criticize Pope for being harsh on atheists
Israelis set fire and destroy 37 Acres of Palestinian owned land in southern West Bank
12 Mexican military officials tortured, killed
Al Qaeda vows revenge on China after riots
Lieutenant Mark Evison, who died in May from wounds received in Afghanistan, kept a remarkable journal - published here for the first time - about the harsh realities of fighting in Helmand.
Site tells you what you should be scared of today (according to the media)
Israels commandeering of the Spirit last week shares a lot in common with the acts of piracy: the Spirits unarmed passengers traveled on the high seas, uncertain if they would live or die when the Israeli navy surrounded them &amp; took them prisoners. But do Israels actions constitute piracy? Yes.
Mainstream Chinese Viewpoint - Uighur Riots
Egyptian jailed for three years for insulting President Hosni Mubarak in a poem
Double standard.  Egypt stops Gaza-bound aid convoy.  Nobody except the Iranians care
Spanish nobles rebel over inheritance law that will allow Women to claim titles from male relatives
Why US diplomats are visiting Israeli settlers
Life on Planet Uighur (Photos) 
Rich Cause the Crisis, Workers Get the Blame
Bermuda, with its pastel-coloured homes overlooking the turquoise waters of the Atlantic Ocean, is now home to 4 Chinese Uighurs who were released from Guantanamo Bay after 7 years inside
Two Israeli warships have sailed through the Suez Canal; Israeli media described the passage of the two Saar class missile boats as a message to Iran. 
The disaster of (American) Indian health care
Lithuania backs bill  to restrict information to children
Demjanjuk Charged with 27,900 Murders
C.I.A. Had Plan to Assassinate Qaeda Leaders
Iran Hangs 13 Members of Rebel Sunni Muslim Group
Report: After brutal police rule, Taliban welcomed as liberators
Love and candy: Hamas says Israel distributing aphrodisiac gum in Gaza
Iran reform leader to set up political front
Earthquake M7.8 off West coast of South Island New Zealand - Tsunami warning
Incredible! The Israel Project, a non-profit with headquarters in D.C., has issued a Global Language Dictionary (authored by Republican pollster Frank Luntz) that tells journalists how to talk about the Israel-Palestine conflict. Newspeak much?
Testimonies: An Israeli sniper killed a Palestinian \r\nman in order to mark a score with his gun. \r\nSoldiers fired at houses out of boredom. A \r\ncommander expressed satisfaction that Gaza \r\nhospitals were full.
 Russian activist found murdered
Israel drops charges against an Israeli settler caught on film shooting at two Palestinians in the West Bank.  Reason: Prosecution may result in harm Israels security.
Israel soldiers speak out on Gaza conflict
Israeli soldiers reveal the brutal truth of Gaza \r\nattack 
Israeli soldiers admit widespread abuses were committed by the army against civilians during the assualt on Gaza
Not only has China ended its dependence on food aid, but almost overnight it has become the worlds third largest food aid donor!
Open fire and dont ask questions - Human rights \r\ngroup Breaking the Silence hears Israeli soldiers \r\ndescribe human shield and shoot first policies \r\nduring the recent conflict in Gaza
Ex-Israel troops: Army used reckless force in Gaza
Former Liberian president and blood diamond profiteer facing war crimes court for murder, rape, terrorism: I fought corruption
India to issue 1.2 billion new biometric ID cards
Russia murders another human rights activist
Everyone is your enemy, Israeli soldiers in Gaza told;  admit Palestinians forced to serve as human shields 
Mandatory Swine Flu Vaccination Alert
Debate in Iceland on whether or not to join the EU rages on
Tony Blair backed to be Europes first president
A poster promoting Israel as a tourist venue has been banned in the UK after it appeared to suggest areas such as the Gaza Strip were internationally recognised as part of its territory
Israel troops speak out on Gaza war:\nSoldiers were ordered to shoot first and worry later. 
Gaza war order was shoot first, some Israeli troops say
ICRC: Israel Traps Gazans in Deprivation and Despair
UK Government aims to decrease illegal filesharing by 80% by 2011
168 Feared Dead After Plane Crashes in Iran...
Tsunami alert after NZ earthquake
Professional snipers have been brought in to guard a vulnerable colony of penguins in Australia.
Natalia Estemirova, a lifelong human rights campaigner, was kidnapped from her home yesterday morning.  Today she was found dead, left on a road with bullet wounds to the head and chest.
DOJ Pressured to probe why Bush White House blocked three different probes into war crimes in Afghanistan where as many as 2,000 surrendered Taliban fighters were reportedly suffocated in container trucks and then buried in a mass grave by Afghan and U.S. forces.
Iceland votes to join EU.
The second life of a US Army deserter who switched to the North Korean side
New Zealand gov\t proposes a new 3 strikes process for P2P users after its first attempt failed; invites public comment
91% of Chinese citizens worth 100 million yuan ($14.6 million) or more are children of high-level Communist Party officials.
If you work with kids you must pay a fine for being a potential pedophile. Whatever your occupation, from being a school teacher to a bus driver you are a Potential Pedophile (tm)
Indian tiger park has no tigers
Kids TV praises Gaza moms suicide bombing
Human rights activist Natalya Estemirova abducted and shot to death in Chechnya
Often on drugs, wearing fetishes they believed made them impervious to bullets, and garbed in costumes ranging from novelty-store fright masks to wigs and womens bathrobes, these murderous adolescents raped, pillaged, and slaughtered at will.
Al Jazeera shows how its done. Again. Both sides of the story and no pandering to the Israelis. Western news services could learn a thing or hundred about how keeping Israelis on message weakens their propaganda.
With the war over, Sri Lanka\s government could have claimed the moral high ground. Instead it has clamped down hard. Around 300,000 civilians remain interned without trial in welfare centres that are concentration camps in all but name.
Potter actor admits drug charge ... police found shots of [cannabis] plants ... after he was arrested for taking a picture of officers ...
Iran plane black boxes damaged
(New translation; more info) Honduras coup made in USA -- the evidence
A mysterious glob of unknown material up to 12 miles long has appeared off Alaskas northern coast. \r\n
The Man Behind The Massacre at Shibarghan
Dog wet nurse saves panda cubs in China 
Tony Blair would be an awful EU president
Kremlin-backed Chechen president blamed for kidnapping and murder of Award Winning Activist
Mexico rejects peace deal with cartels 
Iceland will apply to join the EU
Moon Walkers - The 40th Anniversary of the Moon Landing
US troops and contractors caused substantial damage to the archeological site at Babylon, a city considered as one of the first civilizations on earth.
Kill IE6, for the sake of the web: expert
Rafsanjani - Don\t let our enemies laugh at us by putting people in prison
The World Health Organisation said on Friday that the H1N1 flu pandemic is moving around the globe at an unprecedented speed as it stopped giving figures on numbers affected.
Retirement homes planned for Swiss junkies
A white supremacist whose plot to bomb non-British people included shrapnel bombs disguised as tennis balls was found guilty of terrorism in London
Tehrans streets erupt after a key cleric speaks
AFGHANISTAN: Opium eases my pain, keeps my children quiet
Olmert gives his prescription for how the US can ensure lasting peace between Israel and Palestine: Stop paying attention to the settlements.
The high cost of sex work in southern Africa
Islam Times - Hamas PM Haniyeh: Jews are not our enemy
The number of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails reached up to 9,600, including 345 children and 85 women, a Palestinian researcher said in a statistical report on Wednesday.
US military silent on Bagram jail protest. The prisoners at the largest US prison in Afghanistan have refused to leave their cells for the past two weeks to shower or exercise to protest against their indefinite imprisonment.
CIA: Israel will fall in 20 years
Britain backs call for Israeli settlement freeze\n
Iranian police tear-gas protesters during prayer
After one of their top men was arrested last weekend, gunmen from Mexico\s La Familia cartel went on a rampage, shooting up police stations and leaving 12 federal officers in a pile alongside a highway. Now it\s offering a truce, but the Mexican government says, No thanks.
Irans defeated presidential candidate Karroubi attacked on way to prayers by plainclothed men
Security Forces Fire Tear Gas at protesters in Iran
Brit Police again show what kind of clueless fascists they are: Minority Report and Precrime arrives via a Facebook events page - for a BBQ
$5000 Recycled Paper House comes complete with plumbing and basic facilities. 
Afghanistan: We are fighting ghost soldiers 
How does a developed country like Germany have a poverty rate of over 30%!!! 
CTV.ca | Vaccine may teach body to fight off lung cancer | world trials now for Canadian invented vaccine
(Afghanistan) How many more will die in vain before we withdraw? The attempt to exploit soldiers deaths to win support for the shameful war in Afghanistan thankfully isnt working.
Dear FSM, this is fucking terrible [sad]
Sordid reality behind Dubais gilded facade: Construction halted, westerners jailed for adultery - but prostitutes do well 
Tourists warned of Thailand airport scam 
Ariel Sharon got on Israeli radio and urged Israelis to settle more land fast. Grab the hilltops, and stake your claim, he said. Everything we don\t grab will go to them.
The high cost of discount counterfeits: In a sweatshop in Thailand, children were found assembling leather purses. Horrifyingly, their limbs had been deliberately broken to keep them from escaping.
Bosnian Serb cousins convicted of burning 119 Muslims alive
What democracy looks like? Not that I like those Taliban chaps, but dude, I think youre doing it wrong.
July bloodiest month for US-led troops. What are we really doing in Afghanistan, can anyone give me a reason !
while Nazi leader Adolf Hitler operated from headquarters encased in layers of concrete, Churchill and his staff were sleeping in rooms only 10 feet below ground
The Onion has been sold to the Chinese Government.
Last Friday the Chinese government confiscated the computers of lawyers at the Open Constitution Initiative, best known for its pro bono work on behalf of the victims of last years tainted milk scandal.
French Interior Ministry requests news blackout as violence in the suburbs reaches record levels
Irans supreme leader warns Irans elite to back down 
Poll: Pirates close in on Riksdag;  Pirate Party gaining traction in Sweden
The terrorist threat to the UK has been lowered from severe to substantial, the lowest level for three years.
Questioning the Good War: Is Obama\s Afghan strategy realistic?
Dear reddit: The recession was not caused by a spectacular failure of capitalism or economics. Just though you should know.
Bill outlawing anti-Israel protest nears approval\n
The Neo-Nazis of Mongolia: Swastikas Against China
Of more concern to South Korea is the kidnapping by North Korea of one of its businessmen in March. North Korea claims that the man, identified only as Mr Yu, tried to lure a North Korean female worker to the south and insulted the North Korean regime.
259-Car Autobahn Pile-Up Largest In German History - with video
A US military review is to recommend an overhaul of the entire Afghan prison and judicial systems
Vatican launches inquiry into abusive religious order
Orthodox Jews riot as mother is accused of starving her child - Times Online
Massive motorway crash in Germany
Hello mum, this is going to be hard for you to read ...
Columbus wasnt the first; Experts confirm that Medieval map depicting America is authentic
22 year old alcoholic in england is refused liver transplant. This a good thing. A line has to be drawn somewhere. I draw it here and Im not going to feel bad about my lack of sympathy.
Iran protests continue: citizens trigger blackouts by turning on appliances all at once.
Israel to demolish 23 illegal settlements in one day
UAE tries to spy on its own residents - using an unauthorised Blackberry update from the state owned telecommunications provider!
Rapes by children under spotlight: Police in Scotland have brought almost 500 rape charges against children and teenagers under the age of 18 in the past five years.
Who is really running Russia?
Man bursts into flames after being shot by police with a taser
International journalists arrested &amp; clubbed for filming seal slaughter in Namibia, still being detained... 
When is a vote too dangerous to exercise?  The UN urges Iraqi Kurds not to push for a referendum on whether the Kirkuk oil area should be part of their northern enclave, saying such a vote would ignite conflict.
Western mineral firms fuel violence in Congo by failing to check the source of the metals that go to their smelters
Population of older people set to surpass number of children
Jordan, Russia renew rejection of Israeli settlement
Denying the facts. The problem of Berlusconi now is to hide the evidence. Italian televisions do the job quite well, for the last free newspapers and the web soon a law will be done to silence them.
Not-quite fairytale romance: Malay prince sues Indonesian wife
A U.N. tribunal convicted two Serb cousins Monday of having burned alive more than 100 Muslims in what the presiding judge called a part of the wretched history of man\s inhumanity to man.
Biggest Diamond Heist: If you cant prove that the diamonds are stolen, then you would logically have to give them back.
Oldest UK television discovered 
Ali Khamenei warns of collapse after Iran referendum calls
US teen pregnancy and syphilis rates rose sharply during George Bushs presidency, Centres for Disease Control finds |\r\n\t\t\t\tWorld news |\r\n\t\t\t\tguardian.co.uk
Riot police are taking dozens of protesters into their cars and they are taking them away.
Leszek Kolakowski dies at 81; exiled Polish philosopher 
When You Are Really Hungry You Eat Anything You Get - These Videos are the proof of it
Uruguay is going Green! 
New Jersey mayors and rabbis arrested for involvement in international money-laundering conspiracy
South Korean unions prepare for general strike: If media is controlled by large conglomerates and capital, then there is no hope for democracy in the South Korea.
Four-year-old Samar Abed Rabbu was paralyzed and lost her two sisters during Israels offensive in Gaza last December and January. Her family claims to have been waving a white flag while IDF shot at them.
Swine flu:  Country by Country
One clerics legacy of peace
Dutch return severed head of Ghana chief
The new Nepalese government has announced its intent to award $1270 to couples in inter-caste marriages, and $635 to couples when a widow remarries, a plan that has been welcomed by some caste activists, but opposed by womens rights groups.
Iceland submits EU membership bid
Israel on collision course with Washington - report
BRUSSELS  Belgian authorities say three inmates made a dramatic escape from prison by helicopter.
North Korea calls Clinton vulgar, unintelligent
Israel bans the word nakba from Arab childrens textbooks. 
Palestinian arrested [by Israel] after testifying in Geneva
Gaza Graffiti | The Sitch
Fuzzy Wuzzy Angels officially recognised
Violence in South Africas townships has spread as residents protest about what they say is a lack of basic services, such as water and housing.
Tokelau aims for 100% renewable energy
Paralysed girls story reflects Gazas plight
Radio has pushed conflict and genocide in Bosnia, Kenya, Pakistan and -- most notably -- Rwanda, where Radio Mille Collines urged on massacres with phrases like killing the cockroaches. But as anybody with experience of the problem confirms, neutralising hate radio is not so simple.
Moscow under redevelopment - shame about the architectural heritage
One of Osama Bin Ladens sons is believed to have been killed by a US missile strike in Pakistan earlier this year
Murders, rapes and major internal displacement in the Democratic Republic of Congo have been linked to a number of multinational companies ...
12 Israelis nabbed for US lottery fraud
Big turnout expected in hotly contested Iraqi Kurdistan vote
About 100,000 people caught swine flu in England \r\nlast week - government information website \r\noverwhelmed
26/11 Mumbai Attacks - Documentary footage with never before seen video. The world MUST see this.
Blind rescue dog has guide dog
Netanyahu, battling Obama, says that everyone in Israel has the right to live in Jerusalem.  But Israeli Court ruled otherwise - Arab cant rent on ruins of his family home, because thats not the Ara part of town.  
North Korea accused of testing biological / chemical weapons on children
WikiLeaks victorious over corruption report gag order
Archaeologists have found five well-preserved Roman shipwrecks deep under the sea off a small Mediterranean island, with their cargo of vases, pots and other objects largely intact.
One of the incriminating tapes of Italy\s PM Silvio Berlusconi may claim that an artificial lake on his Sardinian estate was built over 30 Phoenician tombs from 300 BCE. A necropolis under the estate would be evidence of Phoenician settlement in an area where none was thought to have taken place.
Two new Mozart works discovered by foundation
Russian telecom executives testify that Skype, which coincidentally provides competitive services at a lower rate than traditional telecom businesses, is a national security threat to Russia. 
Sex offender register breaches paedophiles human rights, say judges!
Now government urges Chinese   to have second child 
Iranian Supreme Leader orders dismissal of Ahmadinejads choice for VP
Momentum Shifts to Irans Reformers.  Let not forget the peoples continuing struggle only because a revolution didnt happen in days.
North Korea Executes Christian For Distributing Bible
Israels foreign minister uses Hitler photo to link Palestinians and Nazis
Ahmadinejad caves to hard-liners, drops VP
Israeli Arabs struggle for land - Does this prove the Israel is a racist state?
More than 40 people, including politicians, officials and several rabbis have been arrested in a major FBI operation in the US.\r\n\r\n
In Russia, the Skype is Falling - Robert Amsterdam
All parents to sign behaviour contracts
Hamas grows up,Shifts From Rockets to Culture War, Israel should be very worried, Gaza War may be worst mistake in History of Israel.
Iceland formally applies for EU membership, hopes to join within 3 years
Drug-Dealing for Jesus: Mexicos Evangelical Narcos
After Israel\s housing minister called on Jews to move to the north of the country to stop what he described as the spread of Arabs there, the BBC\s Katya Adler reports on the struggle for land in the area.
Female police hottie named Alison Minards had an all night sex orgy with 4 fellow police officers and it was all captured on cell phone cameras, UK media say.
To fool the parents of the victims, the children were taken away on school trips and their parents were later told the x-rays were a treatment for the scourge of scalpal ringworm. 6,000 of the children died shortly after...?
After being kidnapped at the age of 16 by a group of thugs and enduring a year of rapes and beatings, Assiya Rafiq was delivered to the police and thought her problems were over.\n\nThen, she said, four police officers took turns raping her.
The future Iran. The protest continues and the regime seems more and more weak. But whatever will happen, the demonstrations changed forever western opinion of the country
Private steel manufacturer in China decides to take a stake in a state manufacturer. An executive announces that 25,000 jobs will be cut. Protesters promptly beat him to death.
An African nation of 3 million people successfully breaks up Al Qaeda cells. Not through wars, but police work. Whod have thought?
The Death of Handwriting
Rabbi Rosenbaum was the US broker for an international organ trafficking network - he would threaten donors with a pistol if they tried to back out
College degrees/grades are stolen and sold to underachievers seeking new identities and better job prospects in China.
The limits of freedom: In theory we are free to say \r\nwhat we like in Israel, but the reality can be quite \r\ndifferent
So I noticed Barry Chamishs wacky five year old ringworm conspiracy theory hit the front page to much acclaim, well, here is another jewel of his.
Northern Nigeria: 150 have been killed in two days by Islamist militants.
Poor students with good grades get identities stolen and lives ruined in China
Germany closes two brothels that offered unlimited sex for one low flat-rate due to poor hygiene &amp; sanitary standards
China Plans To Take Over The World: China owns $2.2 trillion in Treasuries and other foreign paper, uses these to buy companies, land, natural resources, etc. 
Iranians have to sort out their problems on their own
Honduras: Micheletti appoints death squad veteran
A Saudi man who boasted about his sexual conquests on an Arabic TV station has tearfully apologised as calls mounted for him to be punished.
The women who clear Sudans minefields
Palestinian Martyrs Threaten Bruno
US to increase funding for hacktivists aiding Iran
Israeli Settlers Rally: Obama racist; his regime will fall 
Oh the irony: Jews protest Arab construction in Israel
Russian Serious With Action Against Convicted Monopolist Microsoft
One Sixth of Humanity Is Hungry - UN
Skype singled out as threat to Russias security\n
Im surprised this hasnt made it higher up on Reddit today... The scale of this bomb that went off in Spain today is incredible! [youtube]
1,200 factory workers in China fall violently ill after a chemical plant opens down the street; Chinese government dubs it mass hysteria, forces local doctors to stop treatment.
TV as Birth Control: If there is electricity in every village, then people will watch TV till late at night and then fall asleep. They wont get a chance to produce children ~ India\s Health and Family Welfare Minister
Iranian police have fired tear gas and beat anti-government protesters with batons to disperse thousands attending a memorial at the graveside of Neda Agha Soltan, a young woman who was shot to death at a June 20 to protest the disputed presidential election.
Off duty cop kicks shit out of delivery man (with two other cops). When Khan called for help to bystanders and asked them to call police, Klassen allegedly said: We are the police.\n\n
Canadians cry foul over U.S. healthcare attacks
British Foreign Secretary:  Clinton threatened to cut-off intelligence-sharing if torture evidence is disclosed
Beluga whale carries struggling diver to surface
The Israeli settlement problem in the West Bank can be solved by making the settlers Palestinian citizens
Another car bomb kills two police in Mallorca, Spain; government rep. says ETA is getting ever more desperate and more dangerous.
Iran security forces retreat as huge numbers of mourners gather at cemetery
Swedish embassy in Germany hosts luncheon for sufferers of celiac disease, which makes you allergic to most wheat products. Would anyone like to hazard a guess what they served?
Malalai Joya: The woman who will not be silenced
Witness says Iranian police beat mourners for Neda
Christian evangelist group Hillsong enters public and private schools in Australia, instructing girls as young as 10 to wear make-up and concern themselves solely with their appearance.  ...their ultimate aim is to recruit members to the church.
Russian mafia godfather Vyacheslav Ivankov shot in Moscow
Russia is to begin oil exploration in the Gulf of Mexico, after signing a deal with Cuba.
Neda Memorial: Iranian Mourners Arrested
Tehran Braces for Another Day of Street Battles
Nigerian security forces storm mosque where islamists bent on overthrowing the government and imposing sharia law have been hiding out.
Some rare happiness in Gaza: More than 5,000 children gathered on a beach to break a world record on the number of kites flown simultaneously in the same place
Remember the bomb that went off in Spain just yesterday, 200kg of explosive, no deaths?  Well the same fucktards are at it again; second bomb in 24hrs, 2 agents dead.  I am struggling to stay civil.
Police in Northern Ireland to go on patrol wearing cameras
Mexican Authorities to Allow Mobile Phone Calls on \r\nFlight
By the end of the book Einstein has become a strong proponent of a binational state in historic Palestine out of the belief that a system of unequality between Jews and Arabs will only lead to unending conflict.
Bolivia bans all circus animals - New law defines use of animals in circus an act of cruelty. This is the first law of its kind anywhere in the world.
Israel admits white phosphorus use
UK to ban all private transplants of organs: ... private payments may unfairly influence access to transplant, so they must be banned.
Arab lack of industrialization partly due to reforms pushed by the World Bank and IMF. In fact, today, Arab countries are less industrialized than they were in 1970....Holy Crap!
Christians in Egypt Are Being Kidnapped and Forcibly Converted to Islam. The Government, Mosques and Muslim Businessmen Are Guilty of Carrying Out And Funding This Modern Slave Trade.
A woman who passed national security information to UK authorities spent six months in fear for her life, after Tiscali published her phone number and address in public directories, despite repeated requests to keep the information secret
Drugmaker Pfizer reached a $75m settlement with Nigeria over trials of meningitis drug Trovan on 200 children that led to the deaths of 11
List of 49 items of information that could be recorded on UK national ID card. 
Doctor Death: I dare police to prosecute me; vowed to highlight the hypocritical British system surrounding euthanasia 
Report: Land mine contamination vast in Vietnam. Nearly 35 years after the wars end, Vietnamese civilians are still routinely killed and maimed by leftover mines and other explosives. Vietnam estimates that more than 42,000 people have been killed in such accidents since 1975.
Italy to allow RU-486 abortion drug 
Changes in global CO2 emissions since 2006 - courtesy of Google. Well done to the UK, not bad to the US, condolences to Canada...
Your family herds water buffalo. You eat no meat, and live by selling milk. Its a tradition your people have carried on for at least 1,500 years. And now the government is saying youre a threat to the environment. Meet the Van Gujjar.
A glimpse of the Irish Recession 2009 - some 500 people queuing for a sales assistant job.
Hostages to pay the bill after being rescued
Journalist who was arrested in Iran tells of crude jails used to warehouse protesters
He was so hot he phfizzed when firefighters put him in water  and then poked his head out. 
Head of  Nigerian Taliban killed in Police custody
Its an extremely complex, explosive situation. See Chad through the eyes of UNICEF Ambassador Ralph Fiennes. 
Protest against sex-tourism in Ukraine
Governments in Asia and Another City Hall Embrace Free Software
Hacker Loses Bid to Avoid Extradition to U.S.
Aung Sang Suu Kyi verdict postponed: The Burmese junta has kept the 64-year-old Ms Suu Kyi in detention for nearly 14 of the past 20 years, ever since it refused to recognise the NLDs landslide victory in elections in 1990. - Times Online.
German party to start a Nazi-style training center
UK hacker loses extradition fight
Chavez shuts down 34 radio stations - says stations and radio waves no longer belong to the bourgeoisie
CIA Documents from the US embassy in Iran were shredded into thin strips and Iranians managed to piece them back together. In 1983 they were published in 54 volumes titled Documents From the U.S. Espionage Den
Woman set to be flogged for wearing pants in Sudan fights back. Her hearing is tomorrow!
Saturday morning in a Christian village in Pakistan, Muslims marched [in] to avenge what they believed was the desecration of a Koran one week earlier. When it was over, dozens of houses were torched... two villagers were shot dead... Five others, including two children, burned alive.
New HIV strain discovered in woman from Cameroon
The Amazing Unseen Hitler Films just found and have not been digitized
The five (US) horsemen of the global financial Apocalypse finally revealed: JP Morgan Chase, Bank of America, Goldman Sachs, Citigroup, and Morgan Stanley hold 80% of all derivatives risk, and 96% of all business exposure to credit derivatives.
Pneumonic plague outbreak in China
Berlins luxury car arsonists use slow-burning fuses to torch an average of one luxury car per day. More than 170 cars have been destroyed and police confirm conservatively that 93 were politically motivated attacks.
Instead of stopping Jewish settlements within the potential Palestinian State, Israeli police evicted two Palestinian families in east Jerusalem on Sunday, then allowed Jewish settlers to move into their homes.
Former Irish president Mary Robinson \bullied\ by pro-Israel lobbyists: There\s a lot of bullying by certain elements of the Jewish community. They bully people who try to address the severe situation in Gaza and the West Bank. Archbishop Desmond Tutu gets the same criticism.\n
NHS stops giving painkillers to back pain patients to save money, now recommending acupuncture or osteopathy instead. Result: Thousands just have to live with pain.
Eric Cantor (R-VA) sounds more like a PR man for Israel than an American congressman
Iraqi Vice Presidents guards arrested for $4.8M \r\nbank robbery.
Israeli Police Urge Indictment of Foreign Minister Lieberman in Corruption Case
Al Qaeda offers ceasefire in exchange for withdrawal from Afghanistan
Liberia\s deputy ambassador will travel to Phoenix in hopes of meeting with the 8-year old who was raped by minors then abandoned by her parents. Liberians all over the world are very much outraged and don\t want to be stigmatized by this.
Half of the fresh fruit and veg sold across the UK is contaminated with toxic pesticides
Georgia has accused Russia of trying to seize more of its territory as the anniversary of last years brief war between the two countries approaches.
Ahmadinejad and Khamenei kiss and make up at swearing-in ceremony, but dozens of parliamentarians and members of the influential Assembly of Experts neglect to attend, signaling their intent to continue protesting.
Plague Kills Second Man in Northwest China as Town Quarantined - Bloomberg.com
Photos show a mystery building in Burma near its Russian-constructed nuclear reactor site; is the junta going go break out with the bomb?
If any Israeli citizen refuses to see his or her country embracing fascism any further, let he or she speak out, speak out loud, and speak out now, without waiting for the next elections
Magnitude 6.9 quake shakes Mexico and California, part of a quake swarm; more to come?
Iran is ready to build an N-bomb - it is just waiting for the Ayatollahs order - says Western Intelligence source.
Australian Idol judge fired after teenagers rape revelation live on radio
Bill Clinton in North Korea, meets Kim Jong-il.
Hamas Again Accepts a Palestinian State on the \r\n1967 Lines
U.S. hunters aim for open season of threatened polar bears - Powerful lobby is suing to overturn the listing under the Endangered Species Act. 
Erik Prince of Xe (Blackwater) Implicated in Killing of Cooperative Govt Witnesses [DKos until org story stabilizes]
Mother and Daughter severely ill after their E Coli was contaminated with British food
Paco, a smokable drug made from bits of cocaine residue mixed with industrial solvents is quickly becoming a problem in Argentina.
This morning, Israeli bulldozers removing electrical poles from small Palestinian village; electricity from project supported by Quartet envoy Tony Blair
The Economist forced to back down over lies on Venezuela and Bolivia
Bill Clinton in North Korea to Seek Release of U.S. Reporters
An Algerian shop owner punches a Chinese migrant worker in the face.  30 minutes later, 100 Algerian residents and Chinese workers clash, armed with knives and rods.
Army of bloggers invading reddit?
Buzz Aldrin reveals that there is a monolith on Phobos, a moon of Mars.  
Home Office says immigrants need to contribute to UK\s democratic life, but anti-war activism could count against you
Trial by jury returns to Japan
The level of health in a country: Singapore - 1st; over 40 countries ahead of the US including many European states, Canada and Cuba; Angola - last
Texan Zionist Christian says that God sent him to seek oil in Israel and this oil-digger believes that God would not give Israel anything less than Arabs have.  John Brown says he is on a divine mission to find oil in the land of milk and honey.
The US is quietly pressing Iraq not to close a camp that holds more than 3,000 members of an Iranian opposition group that served as Saddam Husseins shock troops.
WTF ethics: Church of England under pressure over revelation that Vedenta supplies sacred mountain bauxite for Indias nuclear missile programme
Saudi man could face death for talking sex on TV
Police beat women opposing Sudan dress code trial
Associated Press a Humiliation to So-Called IP ~~ AP Charges $12.50 To Quote 5 Words 
Assisted suicide law will apply to deaths in Britain and abroad
Mafia boss says Italian government involved with 1992 assassination of anti-Mob magistrate.
Moscows Troubles in the Caucasus: ongoing ethnic and political tensions between the Caspian Sea and the Black Sea are becoming a threat to the leadership in Moscow. 
Unbelievable hypocrisy: Islamic hate preacher from the Saudi dictatorship is allowed into the UK (Jews are descendants of rats and pigs, and so on) while elected Dutch anti-Islamist parliamentarian from a fellow EU member state is refused entry.
I... I think I was just goatsed by The Economist.
US Kills Five Afghan Cucumber Farmers in Air Strike 
USA: Sends Investment Defrauder Bernie Madoff to Jail. China: Executes Investment Defrauders.
a friend of mine was threatened with arrest for \r\nhaving a picnic in Parliament Square, her offence \r\nwas the pink icing on her cake which spelt the word \r\npeace.
A police officer who was renowned for his work against London drug dealers was found dead in his flat from a heroin overdose
Not The Onion: China lawyer who fought unfair arrest is arrested
UK Government claims that the story about the ID card being hacked in 12 minutes is absolute rubbish 
In kingdom, Saudi prince\s coup \fails\. Saudi Prince Bandar bin Sultan, the kingdom\s former ambassador to the United States, is reportedly under house arrest over a conspiracy against the monarch.
Clinton deal lowers HIV drug cost in poor nations
How Nixon helped Israel seal its nuclear ambiguity
Heavy metals scandal, Beijing arrests journalists rather than help the sick
Hero Greek woman sets fire to drunken Britons genitals  - Telegraph
Malaysia examines Internet filter, tougher controls
We\re talking about the Yankees, the most aggressive nation in human history. 
Journalists Entered North Korea, Sister Says
White House says policy toward North Korea unchanged\n
Rights group: Hamas may have committed war crimes
There has long been a split on the left between rationalists and relativists, between those who are willing to stand up for liberty in all circumstances and those who hide behind cultural relativism and a who are we to judge mentality to avoid doing so
Israel arrests leader of Bilin non-violent protests - part of ongoing Israeli efforts to end the nonviolent resistance
Attack on Christians a further crisis for Pakistan\n
Rehabilitated: Nobel Prize winner who fell for Hitler
Divisions rock Palestinian Fatah conference: first Fatah party conference in 20 years has been extended amid infighting between delegates, some reformists walked out
South Korea: Class war in midst of economic crisis -- Ssangyong workers occupy plant, win partial victory
A remote, little-known people are at the center of Chinas worst ethnic violence in decades.
Message To The Australian Government From Anonymous
Costa Rican president has swine flu... no word on whether Madagascar has closed its port yet
Brazil TV host ordered killings to get rid of rivals and boost ratings.
German Jews back campaign to reprint Hitlers Mein Kampf  
Today the Geneva Conventions turn 60 years old. Despite the fact that 194 states have ratified them, it still faces a struggle for respect.
London jewel thieves make off with $66 million worth of diamonds in broad daylight.
Australian government proposes legislation to allow no-warrant anti-terrorism raids
Paris swimming pool denies Muslim woman entrance for wearing a Burqini
Sibel Edmonds offers details of Turkeys covert operations in U.S.
Wild salmon are returning to the French capital for the first time in almost a century, scientists say.
Salmon back in the Seine as Paris river cleans up its act  
Chinas military launched war games Tuesday aimed at deploying forces at long distances.
Gem expert Campbell Bridges killed by Kenyan mob armed with knives, clubs, spears and even bows and arrows.
Hundreds of children in northern Uganda have been affected by a rare and unexplained nodding disease
Meet the new boss... -- A decision by the Iraqi government to screen imported books and plans for Internet filters are being seen by intellectuals as a sign that the years of freer expression ushered in by the 2003 US-led invasion that toppled Saddam could be coming to an end.
Heckuva job, Ma Ying-jeou. Heckuva job. 
Pirates in European waters
29 Democratic Party members of the United States House of Representatives will visit Israel next Thursday,  fully sponsored by AIPAC, America\s only pro-Israel lobby, for a huge slice of American Tax Dollars
Video Retrospective: The 77-Day Ssangyong (Korea) Factory Workers Occupation. Story Ignored in US.\n
DPJ chief hits at US-led globalism The wind of populism blows in Japan, in rhetoric if not in policy, raising a hope of finally putting an end to the world\s longest-standing one-party state.
Earthquake jolts Bangladesh for second consecutive day
UK Government May be Leaning Away from Microsoft, Towards Free Software
Iran speaker denies prisoner rape
Another jolt to democracy in Burma
Fact Checking Lobbyist Lanny Davis on Honduras
An American living in France: I was recently diagnosed with breast cancer and I\ve just gotten a letter from one of those death panels. They are called Medical Councils here and they determine whether someone is eligible or not for 100 percent medical coverage provided by the state...
In five of the seven incidents, Israeli soldiers shot at civilians who were walking down the street with white flags, trying to leave the areas of fighting, USA Based Human Rights Watch Rights group  said.
Iceland is being blackmailed
And now, the Pirate Party UK
Company pays entire lawsuit settlement in coins as way of showing disapproval of verdict. Woman who won the trial, now stuck with huge sack of coins, not happy
A ship passing through the English Channel has disappeared.
Stephen Hawking lie causes British bloggers to weigh in on health-care. Dont attack our NHS!
U.S. Hatred of Europe is on the Rise
Icelanders are angry but will make sacrifices - Icelands Prime Minister blasts UK and Netherlands governments
In Slovakia, speaking Hungarian in public can be \r\npunished after September 1. Prime minister Fico says \r\nthe real problem were those wanting to bully Slovaks \r\ninto learning Hungarian.
Some clues as to how Rupert Murdoch intends to begin charging for online news content in just under\r\na year from now. 
R.I.P Les Paul dies at the age of 94 1915-2009
DNA tests in China will help parents determine the future of their children.
So when is the movie coming out about the recent\r\njewelley heist in Britain?  Suspects hired a makeup\r\nartist to apply latex masks as a disguise.
A leading Scottish gemstone expert has been killed in Kenya by a gang armed with clubs, spears, bows and arrows.
The body of the guy Andrew Jackson shot in a duel in Kentucky has been located! The thousands of Indians he killed remain, for the most part, at large.
Requiem for Archbishop Oscar Romero - R.I.P
Supporters of ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya clashed with soldiers and police for a second day on Wednesday as street protests over the June 28 army coup turned rowdy
Police in standoff with suspect who made threats against White House; Westwood apartment buildings evacuated
... the 43-year-old woman, who police said suffocated under the pile of some 1,000 books, was the first confirmed fatality of early Tuesdays quake.
The Blackwater Crusaders that undertook a ritual of Genocide in Iraq are now doing the same in Afghanistan, under the name of XE Crusaders
Taliban chiefs agree ceasefire deals for Afghan presidential election
Dont feel so bad USA , the UK elects some bizarre idiots too , listen to the recently elected Doncaster Mayor in this building car crash radio interview ( quicktime mp3)
Russian warships are scouring the Atlantic for a freighter with 15 Russian crew last spotted more than two weeks ago steaming through the English Channel
British MEP Dan Hannan Goes On Fox News To Trash The UK Health Care System
Huckabee: there is no room for a Palestinian state in the middle of the Jewish homeland and Israel should be able to build settlements wherever it wants. (AIPAC take out your 2012 checkbooks)
Cheeky Ontario residents protest U.S. surveillance balloon. About 300 people dropped their drawers Saturday to give a balloon with a surveillance camera trolling the Canada-U.S. border a piece of their derriere.
Right to rape: is that what the British Army is fighting for? To allow Afghan men to continue unpleasant habits such as withholding food from their wives, insisting on sex and imprisoning them in their own home?
Car Seizure Law Used to Take Bike from Little Girl
Scientists show that DNA evidence can be fabricated
9 year old girl who lost her purse on a Ryanair flight is forced to give away a quarter of her pocket money for its return - miserable bastards!
The Israeli side of the wall is painted with the image of the countryside beyond   but without the Palestinian town, depicting just nature, grass and trees. Is this not ethnic cleansing at its purest? - Slavoj Zizek
The Secrets of Chinas Economy: The Government Owns the Banks rather than the Reverse
Azerbaijanis in Eurovision probe  A number of people in Azerbaijan who voted for a song by neighbouring Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest have been questioned by the police.
Lance Armstrong has brought Scottish traffic to a standstill after more than 200 cyclists answered his Twitter invitation for a casual bike ride.
Mike Huckabee said Tuesday there should be no Palestinian state in the West Bank and endorsed Israeli settlements there...
U.S. troops could be forced by Iraqi voters to withdraw a year ahead of schedule under a referendum the Iraqi government backed Monday.
Nigeria nearing a failed state
Hundreds of gay men have been tortured and killed in Iraq in recent months, some by the nations security forces, Human Rights Watch said today.
South Korea launching first satellite with Russian help. Interestingly, the US tried to prevent the Russians from sharing rocket technology with S. Korea.
Afghanistan: Growing resistance to the 40-year war...The US military has admitted that the Afghan resistance is spreading across the country. The US military is now demanding an extra 45,000 troops, on top of the 62,000 it currently has in Afghanistan.
The Khan airport story was a fabrication to promote his upcoming movie about profiling of muslims.
Russian navy arrests 8 in ship hijacking
Former South Korean President and Nobel Prize Winner Kim Dae-Jung dies today at the age of 85
How banks make money from you\n\nBanks and building societies are posting record profit margins on mortgages, loans and overdraft interest rates, hitting consumers at a time they can afford it the least. 
The recent closure of 32 privately owned radio stations and a proposed law to punish media crimes are signs that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez is moving to quash criticism of his government.
Deadly accident at Russias largest hydroelectric power plant
Pimp My Ostrich--sustainability through wildlife ranching
Talibans latest threat: cutting off noses and ears to anyone who dares voting
Former S Korea President Kim dies at 83
We had some Australians; they stayed here for four days. They would take turns sleeping and the only time they left was to go to the ATM, -World\s First Cocaine Bar in Bolivia 
Bill Clintons visit to North Korea revealed more about the nation than intelligence has been able to uncover for decades
At least 95 people were killed and 563 wounded in a series of truck bombings and other attacks on Wednesday that rocked areas around official buildings in central Baghdad
Dawkins calls for official apology for Alan Turing - the code-breaking genius and father of the modern computer who committed suicide after being prosecuted for being gay\n
UK defends NHS against stateside attacks. [vid]
Chinese scientist with Stanford PhD now drives a taxi.
It may make great headlines but to my mind this is child abuse and irresponsible parenting. And anyway what faith can you have in a father who changes his name to Happy birthday
Sweden report shows that Apartheid Israel steal organs from Palestinian to Sell them later and make profit ... Israel respond: Anti-semite!
The Arctic Sea was carrying something, not timber and not from Finland, that necessitated some major work on the ship, she wrote in the Moscow Times newspaper on Wednesday.
Aleksei Etmanov\s visit to Brazil: he saw that the conditions of car workers there were significantly better than those on Russia. He also saw how trade unionists participated in political struggle.
They ask me if my mom wore a burka,\\ said Amri, who is writing a book about Afghanistan\s food and cultural heritage. I tell them she wore a miniskirt.
Weapon mock-ups loaded on the second Sukhoi Su-35 prototype on display at MAKS 2009 give an indication of the future air-to-surface weapons the aircraft could carry in Russian service.
Iraq: Islamists are conducting a campaign of torture and murder against men suspected of homosexual activity
Israelis Sour to Rahm Emanuel.  Once Attack \r\nDog, Policy Wonk, Committed Jew.  Now a Self-Hating Jew.  
They beat us if we raised our heads; they beat us when they were getting us into the police cars, 
Buran, from space shuttle to fairground ride
Buddhas Savage Peace 
Divisions over Bahamas\s marital rape bill. Anti arguments are interesting.
If youve read the novel White Tiger, Dharana is a village in the darkness. In the darkness education barely exists, sanitation is non-existent and a light bulb is as high tech as it gets. 
Theres a saying in Iceland now, Oh, thats so 2007! meaning that something is excessively grand, over the top or just plain, old splash a lot of cash.
It\s beginning to look a lot like the bad old days in Iraq. Although the attacks were all confined to the capital and the north, while the rest of the country remained relatively calm, they demonstrated a degree of sophistication that U.S. officials thought the insurgents could no longer muster.
Italian banks may take ham and wine as collateral
Bookie pays out 2 mil on tiger to early and suffers for it
A cable fault that caused a major blackout of internet services across West Africa has been repaired.
Gazas tunnel economy: Eric Ruder looks at the lengths to which desperate Gazans--starved and deprived by Israels punishing blockade--are going to in order to keep food and other necessities coming in.
UK Government says no to a show and tell from the guy who cloned the UK ID card in just 12 minutes. Havent they got something to learn? 
Orthodox Islamic school treats Dutch teachers who are not Muslims as inferior beings. They have to have their meals separately, cannot be greeted in the same way as Muslims, and must teach that Christianity will be abolished.
Lockerbie bombers release agreed
The Blind Pakistani Cricket team have been denied visas to the UK, after being invited by the English Cricket Council to defend their championship.
Is she really a HE? Womens 800m gold medal favorite told to take gender test hours before World Championship race.
Switzerland expands border into Italy as glaciers melt
If you live in France, chances are you work the least.  If you live in Switzerland, chances are you earn the most.
UK cant find $13bn in military hardware
After leaving HM Prison Greenock after being released on compassionate grounds, Abdelbaset Ali al-Megrahi released the following statement:
Iran Allows IAEA Officials to Inspect Nuclear Reactor
Blackwater hired for CIA plan
Is history catching up with Blair? The chairman of the Iraq war whitewash - sorry, inquiry - Sir John Chilcot announced this week that the panel will not publish its findings until after the general election.
1,300 Chinese children near smelter suffer lead poisoning
Gadhafi wins apology over sons arrest - Swiss president says sorry after Libya removes $5 billion from banks
UK minister pressed over Afghan wife-starving law - Is this what our soldiers are dying for? [vid]
It does not matter if they are American, French or British, she told The Associated Press. If they are residents of the (Palestinian) territories, then we regard them first and foremost as local residents. :: What she really means to say is that they are second class citizens.  
Students brutalized by security forces during protest against Philippines president [pics]
Secretary Clintons uncompromising condemnation of perpetrators of sexual violence has not been thoroughly emphasized or analyzed, but sniping has already begun about AFRICOMs involvement in her initiative.
The godfather of instruction manuals
 The US is not going to stop the production of drugs in Afghanistan as it covers the costs of their military presence there, says Gen. Mahmut Gareev, a former commander during the USSRs operations in Afghanistan.
Camp Ashraf, Iraq - refugees still not allowed to bury the dead, lawyers barred from obtaining visas, American military witnesses silent
Boy, 8, beats wing-walking record [vid]
A top Chinese general criticized the U.S. on Thursday for selling arms to Taiwan and accused Washington of only being cooperative when it needs help with international campaigns.
German Terror Plot Emerges as Secret Service Game
Analysis: Lockerbie bomber .... UK and America have different views on release.
Effective today, Mexico decriminalizes possession of small amounts of marijuana, cocaine, heroin and other drugs
Australian woman, residing in Japan was a victim of a violent rape by American servicemen. Japanese police made no attempt to preserve urine sample, sperm or DNA on her body. Why?... because in 1953, Japan agreed not to exercise primary right of jurisdiction over members of the U.S. armed forces
Sweden has turned down a demand that it condemn the recent publication of an article that links Israeli soldiers to the death of Palestinian civilians with the motive of obtaining their organs.
The head of the Polish army has resigned after a dispute in which he accused the government of failing to properly equip troops in Afghanistan.
Iran to allow UN inspectors to visit heavy water reactor.  
A suspected victim of a notorious US serial killer has been found alive and well more than 50 years after her supposed death.
Norwegian Towns Sue Citigroup over Subprime Loss. In some of the towns, services including schooling, care for the elderly and even a municipal pool in the frozen north of Scandinavia have all been cut. 
Honduras: A Chilean photojournalist said about 20 police surrounded him, demanded his camera and beat him when he refused
Now the government has released Abdel Basset Ali al-Megrahi, the man convicted of the Lockerbie bombing, the appeal he had filed will never be heard by a judge. Was he released to preempt government embarrassment over an insecure conviction?
The Xinjiang riots have rattled China so much that they are implementing extra security measures in Inner Mongolia where there is no separatist movement to speak of
Sign petition to free Newsweek journalist Maziar Bahari, imprisoned in Iran since June 21 in the wake of mass protests. Bahari has not been allowed to meet with a lawyer, and has not been afforded proper legal representation in court.
Mexico decriminalizes small-scale drug possession
The IDF: Israels Organ Grinder
Press chokes on bitter pill of Libyan apology
Power hungry Latin American President Pushes Through Constitutional Referendum To Allow Him To Run For 3rd Term
The US and UK have reacted angrily to the welcome given in Libya to the Lockerbie bomber, freed from prison on compassionate grounds.
The latest British soldier to die during the elections in Afghanistan was the son of the SAS hero who led the raid during the Iranian Embassy siege
Russia dismisses Chechen dam blast claim
2nd Lead Poisoning Case Hits China, 1,300 Sick
Police were stunned when a 17 year old girl confessed to a serial killing spree that started when she was 15 and has resulted in the death of 30 men  that she has admitted to...she started targeting men in her home of San Paulo, Brazil, for money, revenge and justice.
Hamid Karzai and Warlords Mount Massive Vote Fraud Scheme in Afghanistan
Some people fear the full truth about the Lockerbie bombing will never emerge... \nMegrahi: \A convenient scapegoat?\\n
Obedient wife\s evidence in triple murder trial:  In 25 years of marriage being assaulted 50 times is not a big deal. 
This is how the people of Libya greet the murderer of 270 people..
Despite the urgent need for family planning, expenditure on global provision continues to fall, which may make the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) difficult or impossible to achieve.
Over my dead body! UK trying to make plastic pint glasses compulsory. Where will the nanny state end?
McGill professor caught in ghost writing scandal where articles paid for by drug giant Wyeth Pharmaceuticals
If you happen to find yourself in Samoa on September 7th, DO NOT get on the roads - the government is switching the side of the street that cars drive on
British firefighters call for boycott of Israel.
The men came on three motorcycles, each one carrying a driver and a man on back. They wore masks. Each of the men riding on back carried a small container filled with battery acid. The masked men circled for several minutes as the girls streamed to school. Then they moved in.
When someone uncovers an organ trafficking network, the easiest way to reject the claims is to accuse him of Antisemitism.
Tens of thousands have watched this video produced by an Iranian filmmaker/activist, where a woman tells how she was tortured and raped in prison.
In the midst of its drug war, Mexico has taken a bold step: Decriminalising the possession of small amounts of drugs, including cocaine and heroin.
Pirate Bay sale looking uncertain as Swedish stock market suspends trading in Global Gaming Factory shares
AN AMERICAN citizen is to be named by the Lockerbie bomber as the man who really carried out the terrorist attack on Pan Am Flight 103.
UK to share fingerprints with Canada, Australia
Is there anything this man can not do???
Former Scotsman editor confirms government and CIA influence over Lockerbie investigation. ...UK Government and intelligence services influenced coverage of the Lockerbie inquiry to implicate Iran and Syria.
Israelis Restrict Palestinians Water Supply: Israelis have access to four times as much water as Palestinians due to restrictions
The eighth largest oil field in the world will be dead by the end of next year.
UK to share fingerprint data with other countries including US. They say it will lead to more criminals being caught, or is just another intrusion in human rights? 
Tens of thousands flee wildfires in Greece
Academic freedom, Israeli style: Education Minister slams Israeli lecturer\s \apartheid\ op-ed; Ben-Gurion University president suggests finding another personal or professional home.
Contractors made presentations for nano-size drones the size of moths that can flit into buildings to gather intelligence
Could we finally see a thawing of relations with North Korea? 
It was Abu Nidal, a U.S. intelligence asset, who was responsible for the Lockerbie bombing, not the Libyan patsy Abdel Baset al-Megrahi.
Maoists kill five policemen in Indias Bihar
Trials may begin this week for more than 200 people charged with crimes after riots last month in Chinas far-western Xinjiang region
Malaysia: Woman scheduled to be caned for drinking beer
Israelis harvest Palestinian organs: Israel and Sweden in row over report in media
Every American should be forced to read and learn this in order to know what was done in their names.
Is Yemen Chewing Itself to Death?
Swedish court rules The Pirate Bay admins too broke to pay damages
Girl, 13, told to delay solo sailing voyage by courts
Red Army troops raped even Russian women as they freed them from camps at the end of WWII
Why The World Must Boycott Israel, An Excellent Article Written By An Israeli Professor
Police may be issued with new high-power Taser
Londons CCTVs solve only one crime in a 1,000
Violations of human rights: Coup protestor gang-raped by Honduran police
He has been captured by bank surveillance cameras in eight states, sneering and holding a pistol sideways during heists. 
1,000 CCTV cameras to solve just one crime, Met Police admits
There Are More Slaves Today Than at Any Time in Human History
Britain allows tax-payer funded organizations/universities to ban common words and phrases that could possibly be construed as racist or sexist,  for example, black mark, right hand man, and gentleman\s agreement.  Ridiculous.
Saving the Worlds Women: How changing the lives of women and girls in the developing world can change everything
Remember the Torture-Slaying of the University of Tennessee students from 2007?  The first of the four defendants has been found guilty.
Former Labour MP Tam Dalyell and Edinburgh law professor Robert Black urge the Scottish and UK governments to answer allegations that Lockerbie suspect Abu Nidal was a US agent.
UK Royal Mail is to phase out nearly all of the 25,000 bikes used by postmen and women across the country.
A Roma (Gypsy) community has been living on a dump in Clug, Romania, for two generations. 
Its kinda like a fun-sized version of imperialism...(new interactive map)
Evidence Reveals Libyan Convicted of Lockerbie Bombing Innocent: Corporate media in U.S. ignores story that Abdelbaset al-Megrahi is innocent. 
What are some good/decent news websites that I can read regularly that is not too biased?
China: First armed police law set to pass
Canadian program aims to get mentally ill off streets
Japan, out of recession  is it over?
Honduran Supreme Court Denies Zelayas Return, Keeping Political Crisis Alive
Argentina Decriminalizes Personal Drug Consumption.
The supreme court in Argentina has ruled that it is unconstitutional to punish people for using marijuana for personal consumption.
U.S. is 15 years behind South Korea in Internet \r\nspeed
Kidnapped French agent kills captors, escapes in Somalia - in a good mood at presidential palace after fleeing militants.
Thirty Palestinians killed. Missiles fired at a Mosque. Muslim prisoners executed in cold blood. International outrage and demonstrations? Nope. Why? Because unless Israelis are to blame, people dont care.
China admits death row organ use 
ISP that cut off Pirate Bay hit hard, site is back \r\nonline in hours
Channel 4 news reporting about a video of Tamil men stripped, bound and shot in the head by Sri Lankan Army. Its not terrorism if youre the government.
Lets not forget about Iran quite yet..
Swine Flu Ancestor Born on U.S. Factory Farms 
The FSA ignored pesticides (the main health issue) in its report on organic food
Argentina rules on marijuana use  Its just not right to punish people for marjuana
Wave of protest greets Israeli PM. Hundreds of peace and solidarity campaigners have gathered at Downing Street to protest at Prime Minister Gordon Brown\s cosy meeting with far-right Israeli premier Benjamin Netanyahu.
There Are More Slaves Today Than Any Time in Human History
The Unbalanced Triangle. What Chinese-Russian Relations Mean for the United States 
Vereeniging, South Africa,People LITERALLY DIE waiting in line to see a doctor since the lines are endless and the nursing staff just don\t care.
Israel opens door to West Bank compromise
Deaths, Missing Detainees Still Blacked Out in New CIA Report 
Brazilian Girl Admits to Killing 30 Men
Journalist Stabbed to Death in Democratic Republic of Congo
Mexican drug cartels now recruiting hit men from U.S. military
A Shocking Look Inside Chinese Fur Farms
China Young Men
Tuberculosis is on the rise in Russia, and only 9% of the countrys TB hospitals meets basic hygiene standards
A horrible return of hooliganism and violence returned to English Football last night.
French hostage kills 3 and escapes
A naked, blindfolded man crouches on the ground, as a uniformed soldier kicks him in the head then abruptly ends his life with a point- blank rifle shot. Other bodies lie nearby, their blood staining the earth around them.
Looks like that Russian ship was carrying missiles to Iran via Algeria
CHINA: Human rights lawyer arrested on tax evasion charges -- Bet this story will be retracted quick smart! Surprised it even got published.
Angry French lorry drivers at struggling company threaten to pour 8,000 litres of toxic fuel additive into Parisian river unless their demands for redundancy pay-offs are met
Sri Lankan Journalist Ahimsha Wickrematunge wrote an editorial only to be release upon his death. He was murdered in January. This is his story.
UK Gov fails at privacy, loses 377K of private data on a memory stick!
Malis parliament passes a law stating that women do not have to obey their husbands and can inherit property. Muslims flip out. Malian president refuses to sign the law.
Son of newly appointed Nigerian Ambassador to the US charged with rape
New Zealand is running out of space for its burgeoning prison population and has decided to start using shipping containers to house its inmates.
London\s ambassador to Kabul said Wednesday he expects Britain\s presence in Afghanistan will last at least a generation,
American\s leaving London in droves, We are fed up with all the stealth taxes, the non-doms levy, and now the 50 percent tax rate. Will the City ever be the same?
Crazy prison escapes in Belgium
In a 1987 meeting with US analysts the KGB foresaw and warned of the rise of terrorism from radical Islam-- A look at the untapped potential of greater cooperation of US and Russia.
Bernanke Victimized by Identity Fraud Ring, they swiped his wifes purseincluding the couples joint check book.
Swedish woman in porn flakes breakfast shock. Yes the headline reads porn flakes.
Khamenei: Opposition not stooges for Western powers
Iranian opposition leaders on  trial for wanting a legitimate goverment, or, apparently, attempting a coup.
American songwriter Ellie Greenwich, who penned River Deep, Mountain High and other hits, has died, aged 68.
Irans supreme leader says he has seen no proof that opposition leaders blamed for the post-election unrest were agents of foreign powers
China has criticised an invitation from Taiwan to the Dalai Lama, calling him a separatist who wants to sabotage improving cross-strait relations.
Black Hair, Still Tangled in Politics 
Netanyahu states that Israeli ethnic cleansing/settlements must continue.
Netanyahus peace is a cynical evasion
Indias population to rise to 1.53 Billion by 2050
Worlds Chief Nuclear Inspector Calls Iranian Threat Hyped
Norways pension fund drops Israeli company Elbit Systems Ltd. for ethical reasons as the company supplies surveillance equipment used to monitor the separation wall between Israel and the West Bank
Not one penny of the $5bn pledged to the Palestinians has reached Gaza
Azerbaijan jails two kids for making funny YouTube video critical of government
Remember the ship that was hijacked andthen not hijacked before being rescued by the Russian navy? Well the editor who suggested it might have been carrying illegal arms has been threatened and has had to flee Russia
The US has halted all non-humanitarian aid ($200m) to Honduras in the wake of the coup there in June
Bristol puts the decision to keep or erase graffiti in the hands of the internet. This can only end well.
On one occasion we had it reported to us that at least one member of that family was seen to pick up ducklings in the park and kill them by throwing them against trees. 
CHINA Chinese police arrest parents protesting blood lead poisoning in their children
Mormon missionaries kicked out of Guyana, LDS \r\nhas previously collaborated with Guyanas main \r\npolitical opposition 
China: Urumqi quiets down after protest against syringe attacks
A controversial Kiwi mayor is being accused of bullying a group of primary school children after he sent them a letter urging them to sack their teacher.
What if they were Muslims?
Needle stabbings lead to protests in China - Fifteen people have been detained for allegedly stabbing people with tainted syringes in ethnically motivated attacks ...
Forty people killed in drug-related Mexico violence
US commanders report paves way for military escalation in Afghanistan!
Arguments due in high school football death trial
Canadian Government appeals asylum ruling for South African
Australia has experienced its warmest August on record amid soaring winter temperatures.
Indonesia quake death toll at 46, likely to rise
Outspoken Arctic Sea ship commentator flees Russia
Thailand: Time for democracy movement to be clear about how to fight
A Korean camera crew in Gaza documented one of the most heroic actions we have ever seen. It is also a video of some hope. Her courageous action seems, at least, momentarily successful.
Dont speculate about what the Arctic Sea was carrying when it was hijackes in the Baltic, if you live on Russia
China is buying the equivalent of $50 billion of the first bond sale by the International Monetary Fund.
A six-year-old girl has become a media darling in China on her first day of school by expressing her aspiration to become a corrupt official when she grows up
Antibodies found that prevent HIV from causing severe AIDS
South African man commits suicide after bureaucrat \r\nripped up ID papers needed for a jo
The war on drugs is immoral idiocy: While Latin American countries decriminalise narcotics, Britain persists in prohibition that causes vast human suffering
Chinas Muslim Uyghurs Forbidden to Fast During \r\nRamadan, Face Severe Oppression
French filmmaker who did documentary about a violent street gang in El Salvador was shot dead 
6th largest hydroelectric dam in the world, Sayano-Shushenskaya Dam, explosion. 
While the movie rakes it in at the box office, the inhabitants of the real District 9 are facing forced relocation
Musicians push back against Record Labels in UK going after file sharers.
Now Colonel Gaddafi wants to abolish Switzerland: Dictator files bizarre motion with the U.N.
Mehdi Karroubi: One of the victims of rape in Iranian prisons has disappeared, and that former Tehran general prosecutor and his representatives are responsible for any unfortunate event that may happen to him or his family.  
The latest target of Mexicos drug violence: rehab centers.  18 recovering addicts were lined up against a wall and gunned down yesterday.
North Korea announces to the UN it is enriching uranium for second arsenal of nuclear weapons in a new provocation to the international community
The woman who blew the whistle on convicted paedophile and former New South Wales minister Milton Orkopoulos has asked the Queen to intervene in what she calls her pursuit for justice.\n\nThe incident put Ms Sneddon out of a jo
North Korea Close To Finalising Nuclear Enrichment
Young men spray hoses in a car-washing contest and play pool. Children make paper crowns in an art class, while their parents have a picnic. This is Islamic summer camp, and its part of Saudi Arabias campaign to eliminate al-Qaida. This is not an Onion article.
Al-Shabab Leader Threatens Somaliland
CHINA Police patrolling Urumqi as conflict between Han and Uyghurs becomes a real possibility
Could this be what the euphoria of hypocrisy feels like?
Security chief arrested in Mexico
Qaddafi proposes abolishing Switzerland
North Korea said it is weaponizing plutonium and enriching uranium and told the United Nations to choose between talks or imposing sanctions over its nuclear program.
Australia is in a high population growth phase and has been for much of this decade.
Critics from the left and the right are making sharper and sharper attacks on Obamas policies toward Sudan and Darfur.
Turkey-Armenia Peace Talks: A Thaw in a Century-Old Feud? 
Israel\s army is changing. Once proudly secular, its combat units are now filling with those who believe Israel\s wars are God\s wars.
Iceland kills 93 endangered fin whales
The Maldives (very much under threat by global warming) does not have the money to send its president to a climate summit -- is looking for someone to pay for the trip.
Spanish judge resumes torture case against six senior Bush lawyers
Based largely on one informants assessment, the commander ordered a 500-pound, satellite-guided bomb to be dropped on each truck. The vehicles exploded in a fireball that lit up the night sky for miles, incinerating many of those standing nearby
Dozens of filmmakers, artists and activists have signed on to a campaign denouncing the Toronto International Film Festival for celebrating the films of Tel Aviv seen as part of Israeli Propaganda Machine.
A leading Saudi cleric has called on Muslims not to pray for the destruction of unbelievers. And the rest of the world says thanks.
Good news for harried travellers who resent having to remove their shoes at Canadian airport security checkpoints: Now you can just say no
Two Norwegians being condemned to death live (French, English and Norwegian)
CNN: Two former Norwegian soldiers sentenced to death in Congo
Vietnamese and US officials meet in Hanoi to discuss further funding efforts to help those affected by the use of Agent Orange during the Vietnam War
Arctic Sea Iran arms link would make an excellent script for a James Bond movie, with journalists fleeing their country, the FSB, Mossad, Iran, MI5, etc.
Israeli Transport Minister promises to invest millions in Jewish Hebron. For the record, Hebron has a total of 500 Israeli (mostly right-wing) settlers fighting to displace 250,000 Palestinians.
Samoa switches to driving on the left, becoming the first country since the 1970s to change the side of the road on which cars are driven.
We were seen as less than human in those days. We were less than the flora and the fauna..
Large earthquake strikes nation of Georgia
Gabons First Lady lives on food stamps
AFP: Brazil set to buy 36 hi-tech French fighter jets
AP BEIJING -- Two employees of a Wal-Mart store in eastern China were arrested after a woman was beaten outside the store on suspicion of being a shoplifter and died, a state-owned newspaper reported Tuesday.
Sri Lankan doctors have been freed from jail, though they may not yet be free to speak openly
Three guilty of airline bomb plot to rival 9/11. Thats Better Than the US Record even with Gitmo.
I have no reason to call him the devil...With Obama we can talk, we are almost from the same generation, one can\t deny that he is different (from Bush). He\s intelligent, he has good intentions and we have to help him.
Chinas web sites complying with secret government orders, require new users log on under their true identities to post comments
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said on Monday he hoped to be able to work more closely with President Barack Obama.
Romania busts Israeli human egg-trafficking ring
British nurse who was struck off the register for secretly filming the lack of care for the elderly at a Brighton hospital has been nominated for a national award
Denmark will foot the bill for the Maldives to attend climate conference.
Teenage Solo Yachtswoman: A teenage girl about to embark on a circumnavigation... crashes into a ship on her first day at sea.
British commando dies in raid to free NYT reporter
Walmart employees in China beat woman to death for shoplifting.
Blackwater Mercenaries in Pakistan [VIDEO]
Repeat drunk driver given life sentence, in order to protect the public.
Israeli war on Gaza killed 252 children: report
Vietnam: By 2035, the surplus of adult men would be 10 percent or more of the female population
Aeromexicos hijacked plane lands in Mexico City. Hijacker demands to talk with mexicos president.
The question is not whether the Israelis want to exterminate the Palestinians. They\re doing it openly. What was it, if not genocide?
The destruction of hundreds of schools during fighting between the Pakistani army and Taliban militants has left more than half a million children with little hope of education
Skull find rewrites the history of man
Dozens killed as devastating floods hit Turkey - The amount of rain that has fallen in two days roughly equals what normally falls in six months in the Turkish province
How much more a graduate earns over a lifetime [chart]
The Japanese publisher East Press has sold 45,000 copies of the manga version of Adolf Hitlers manifesto Mein Kampf
Scientists Isolate Antibodies That Stop HIV From Turning Into AIDS
The first urban train network in the Gulf opens  in Dubai -- longest driverless train system in the world
In a bid to control political dissent, offices of Ahmadinejads opposition leaders have been raided. 
Dutch authorities to prosecute Arab European League for showing cartoon that discriminates against Jews on its website; it shows two men in suits discussing how to boost the number of people killed during the holocaust
Behind the Veil lives a thriving Muslim Sexuality
Canada to set off bombs in Washington. The Canadian government will set off several fake bombs at its Washington embassy compound this month to demonstrate its NATO combat role in Afghanistan.
Sumit Purdani, a Sydney student from Delhi, tells Nick Bryant that many of his Indian friends in Australia have, like him, been the victim of racist attacks
From sexy to Godwin\s Law in 30 seconds -- AIDS is a Mass Murderer ads hit German newspapers and TV
South of the Border - Oliver Stones Documentary on Hugo Chavez and the Emerging Political Order in South America
Decades of inbreeding is causing immense suffering for pedigree dogs, who are plagued by painful and deadly genetic diseases as a result of breeding for appearance, a UK investigation has found.
U R Gay - Uruguay becomes the first Latin American country to legalize gay marriage
Stephen Harper secretly recorded - If we do not win a majority, this country will have a liberal government propped up by the socialists and the separatists.
Well This Isnt Scary - 60th Anniversary of Peoples Republic of China Celebration Page Looks Like It Was Made By the Onion, But Its Real
It turns out that South African gold-medallist Semenya is a hermaphrodite.\n
MYANMAR About 5 billion dollars from Total and Chevron flow into juntas secret accounts
Australia Solves Doctor Shortage With Caffeine
The mystery of Chernobyl: The abandoned town of Pripyat has become a wildlife haven. There have been sightings of wolves, bears and moose wandering through the deserted streets, and swifts swoop round abandoned office blocks
Businessman at the heart of the sex scandals surrounding Berlusconi told prosecutors he supplied 30 women for parties hosted by the Prime Minister...
WTF: Big Oil fills the coffers of Myanmar junta to the tune of $5bn for a controversial gas pipeline, and deprive the country of vital income by depositing the money in offshore bank accounts
Last year, while the U.S. government was spending nearly $100 million a day on military efforts in Afghanistan, an Oxfam report put the total amount of humanitarian aid to the country from all sources at just $7 million per day. Not much has changed since then.
Poll asks Americans which countries the US should protect if theyre attacked. Canada tops the list, followed by Great Britain, Mexico, Israel and Freedonia
Hermaphrodite: South Africas Caster Semenya has male and female sexual organs.
Hugo Chvez: Venezuela is joining in recognition of the independence of the republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. Dmitri Medvedev: We will supply Venezuela with all the weapons that they request.
During WWII the pro-Nazi Vichy regime of France stole a John Constable painting from a Jewish family, eventually making its way to a Swiss museum. Now a relative of the original owner wants it back in the family, but the Swiss legal system says no.
A Helsinki District Court has fined a member of the City Council EUR 330 for violating the sanctity of religion.  Jussi Halla-aho, the defendant, has called Islam the religion of paedophilia.
The IDF investigates the number killed during Operation Cast Lead and they conclude more Hamas killed than not. Human rights organization: Nope, you have it the other way around, by a long shot. The most moral army in the world trying to cover up the truth? Perish the thought!
French President Nicolas Sarkozy has announced plans for a new carbon tax
Video - The War on Democracy - Coup detat in Venezuela in 2002.
The use of child soldiers is rightfully condemned worldwide. But when teens take on the Taliban, theyre termed voluntary militias and celebrated.
 The last work of New York Times Sultan Munadi, abducted by Taliban,  killed in the Nato-led raid that freed his British Colleague.\n\t
Alan Turing:  Gordon Brown issues an apology on the treatment of the father of computer science, after being petitioned.
Colombia is excavating its civil war dead for the first time  sometimes by going into active war zones
Haiti and Global Family Planning
Soaring Population May Swamp Anti-Poverty Goals
in Canada the drug czar slams Harper gov\t as he exits. ...war-on-drugs approach has utterly failed over the past 40 years and must come to an end. The emperor truly has no clothes in this case, said his e-mail.
Remember that brave attractive looking Danish woman who was using YouTube to find the father of her kid? Turns out it was just viral marketting aimed at getting more tourists to go to Denmark.
Ill Love you forever, Ill like you for always, as long as Im living my baby youll be!. ---Robert Munsch get on to the Canada Walk of Fame! Anyone else love this book when they were little?
Swedens Pirate Party Makes The Web A Political Cause: Objects to two laws -- one allows \nauthorities to monitor phone, fax and e-mail traffic \ncrossing the countrys borders. The other, a European Union directive allows copyright holders to find out the Internet addresses of file sharers
The Danish Military seeks to censor Elite Soldiers tell-all book that contains information about special operations even the Danish Parliament was not privy to
Russia agrees to lend Venezuela $2bn to buy weapons -- 100 tanks and a series of anti-aircraft rocket systems from Russia
US puts Europeans on alert to provide more troops for Afghan campaign
New UK rules effective next month: Human tissue can be taken for human-animal hybrid embryo experiments without donors\ consent; ethics experts, patients\ groups and churches consider change as absolutely frightening 
China broke ground on its fourth space center Monday, highlighting the countrys soaring space ambitions six years after it sent its first man into orbit.
Foreign troops raid south Somalia village: witnesses
Israeli paper thinks its impossible to remove half a million Israeli settlers behind the 1967 borders because it will cost too much. Funny, I dont remember the French being compensated for evacuating Algeria
Amnesty International: Authorities in Serbia have failed to protect human rights and gay activists. Physical attacks and threats to the lives and property of human rights activists are seldom promptly and impartially investigated by the authorities and few perpetrators are brought to justice.
Israel discovers new way to anger world Jews - Fears that Jew numbers will soon decline are behind an ad campaign that raised hackles of the American Jewish community.
Although the cause of her death was lack of medical care, the real case was the lack of education in Yemen and the fact that child marriages keep happening,
the Islamic population remains vibrant in India whereas the Hindu population is in freefall in both Bangladesh and Pakistan because of the nature of Islam and its theory of superiority, dhimmitude, and inequality in law which is sanctioned by Islamic Sharia law.
The U.N. Environment Programme says that underground water supplies shared by Egypt, Israel and -- most vulnerably -- Gaza, could collapse due to years of over-use and contamination worsened by conflict.  ... damage could take centuries to reverse.
How many posts per day is it allowed to submit in the worldnews subreddit? What is the number before considering such act as flooding?
Italy: City of Naples hires ex-cons to escort tourists through crime-plagued Italian city - A case of putting the fox in charge of the henhouse?
Venezuela gets $2.2 billion in credit for Russian arms 
Vestas refused to allow anyone to deliver food to us... I lost almost 20 kg and someone else had to go to hospital because of low blood-sugar levels... Activists of various tendencies were found there, even UNICEF supported us, due to the fact that we were not receiving food.
Osama bin Laden justifies 9/11 attacks in address to the American people: but bin Laden losing support among Muslims, and why the hell cant we find Osama with $25 million reward - CIA will tell ya - its hard when Pakistan approves every move.
When Barack Obama became president and retained many of the Bush administration\s military leaders, such as Defence Secretary Robert Gates, reasonable people knew that Obama is a powerless man who will not be able to end the war as he promised, said Osama bin Laden.
Breaking: Under new legislative reform, Scientology cannot be banned from France even if it is found guilty of fraud in the current trial. 
World Population Growth.
Airline plot trio get life terms
The Church of Scientology won\t be dissolved in France, due to a typo in an obscure law voted two weeks before the Church went to trial, which explicitly prevents this.
New virus from rats can kill 80 per cent of human victims
The gruesome spectacle of dolphins being slaughtered for profit has returned to Taiji, Japan despite growing international condemnation
The End of Innocence in Afghanistan: \The German Air Strike Has Changed Everything\ - The incident has given a black eye to a country whose politicians have never been shy of telling others what\s best in Afghanistan.
France approves Internet piracy bill
The Rural Doctors Association says right now there is a shortfall of 1,800 doctors across regional Australia.\n\nBut medical recruiters say even when qualified doctors from overseas want to work here, they are being held up by a bureaucratic delay.
Al Jazeera English - Africa - Shabab to avenge US raid in Somalia
How Sri Lanka governs through detentions - Sri Lankan officials defend the countrys post-war use of anti-terrorism rules.
Two months after the Pakistani Army wrested control of the Swat Valley from Taliban militants, a new campaign of fear has taken hold, with scores, perhaps hundreds, of bodies dumped on the streets in what human rights advocates and local residents say is the work of the military
N. Korean cargo ship repels pirates off Somali coast: official
Canada: Stephen Harper attempts to prop up regime that has authorized its intelligence service to spy on and intimidate human rights defenders, journalists, lawyers and even magistrates from the Supreme Court who have been investigating political scandals.
New geological data provides hope for claims by Denmark and Greenland to maritime areas in the Arctic Ocean
Ukraine set to block Elton John adoption because gay union is not a marriage and because he is too old
German plane makes emergency landing
Street artist catches chief of the Israeli army with his pants down
In an equine echo of the controversy surrounding South African athlete Caster Semenya, authorities ordered hormone tests for the four-year-old Newcastle mare Tuscan Abbe after she staged a convincing race meet win.
UPDATE: 5-New York homes raided in terrorism probe
Population Growth Impeding Progress on the MDGs?
Global Population to Reach 7 Billion by 2011
Government Funded Feminist Porn 
Can someone enlighten me re:Holy Land disputes?
Human Rights Watch official suspended for collecting Nazi memorabilia
Europe now richer than America: North Americas wealth has now fallen the most out of any other region in the world, allowing Europe to step up to the plate as the worlds richest continent
The ORIGINAL execution video of Sri Lankan soldiers executing Tamil civilians. As the ground around them lay drenched in blood, civilian is shot on after the other [NSFW-UNCENSORED-GRAPHIC]
Banana sex cult leader splits after raid
New UN Report Released Today: The Israeli military operation [in Gaza] was directed at the people of Gaza as a whole, in furtherance of an overall and continuing policy aimed at punishing the Gaza population, and in a deliberate policy of disproportionate force aimed at the civilian population.
A UN mission concludes that war crimes were \r\ncommitted in Gaza
IAEA Conceals Evidence Iran Nuclear Documents Provided by the CIA Were Forged
Israel readies for diplomatic war over biased UN Gaza report  - Haaretz
Israel moves to discredit war crimes report
Cat reunited with family, 3 years and 3,800km later
Recession Ghost Fleet: The biggest and most secretive gathering of ships in maritime history lies at anchor east of Singapore.  It is bigger than the U.S. and British navies combined but has no crew, no cargo and no destination.
US govt warns to weigh laptop when going to china - (Chinese hacking makes your laptop heavier, all those extra electrons)
Working-class gay men, police stand off in Guangzhou
Today we celebrate 199 years of independence in Mexico.
Jane Fonda: ...it can become counterproductive to inflame rather than explain and this means to hear the narratives of both sides, to articulate the suffering on both sides, not just the Palestinians
UN claims grave breaches of the laws of war against Israel in Gaza Inquiry; Israel responds by attacking the findings as being Conceived in Sin - instead of answering to them.
Human Rights Watch analyst suspended over Nazi memorabilia
U.S. raid in Somalia could win valuable intelligence, however, the attack could inflame anti-Western opinion.  Lack of civilian casualties seen as boost for military.
UK motorists with uninsured cars face 1,000 fines even if they are locked away in a garage or kept on a driveway
Change we can believe in: Obama fulfilling his vow to regain America\s moral stature in the world by extending PATRIOT ACT, giving Bagram detainees even fewer rights than the ones at Gitmo
Nepals capital city, Kathmandu, has run out of goats to sacrifice just days before the countrys biggest religious festival of the year
Argentine Government Fast-Tracking Controversial Media Law
EU farmers in white heat over milk prices
Cuban police arrest editor of independent digital newspaper
Damn it CNN if your are going to cover a press conference with the Canadian PM have someone that can translate the French.
Unable to voice their opposition in the streets of Tehran, some Iranians have expanded their online efforts to venues like Second Life.
Young Jewish men in Israel have created a volunteer group which patrol malls and other public places to break up interracial dates (eg. Jewish-Arab dates.)
Shocking news: large corporation murders people, tries to get away with it
The founder of the Jedi religion in Wales may file a religious discrimination lawsuit after being ejected from a supermarket for refusing to remove his hood. Mgmt fights nerdy: Obi-Wan Kenobi, Yoda and Luke Skywalker all appeared hoodless without ever going over to the Dark Side.
Talk about Get Out of Jail Free: Monopolys Hidden Maps Help World War II POWs Escape
Thousands defy Iranian rally ban
Why I threw the shoe: I am no hero. I just acted as an Iraqi who witnessed the pain and bloodshed of too many innocents
Iran broadcasts soccer game in black-and-white, without sound, just to hide protesters...
The U.S. intelligence community is reporting to the White House that Iran has not restarted its nuclear-weapons development program. Somehow, Israel read this as nukes in one week.
Denmarks dirty secret: State-owned Dong Energy trades on its green image at home while outsourcing the dirty end of its energy portfolio with coal-fired power stations elsewhere in Europe
Trafiguras attempts to gag the media prove that Britains libel laws should be repealed
A group of prison guards dubbed the Facebook Five has gone to an Australian court to fight for the right to complain about their boss on the Internet
A number of people in Azerbaijan were questioned by police after voting for a song by neighbouring Armenia in this years Eurovision song contest.
Protests have started - The Latest from Iran (18 September): Qods Day
Worlds shortest man shuns limelight
Man accused of supplying prostitutes for Berlusconi parties is arrested in Italy
Scotland: Management tries to force drivers to cross picket lines, suspends pay when they refuse. Night shift walks out, early shift walks out, unofficial strike then spread like wildfire to over 2000 employees.
Moving home is always a hassle, but for a monstrous Darwin crocodile it has caused more of a headache than usual.
The nomadic pastoralists who live in the arid scrubland on the Kenya-Somalia border are being forced out of their traditional way of living by a succession of worsening droughts
 India in touch with Israel over new attack tipoff
This will be good: Rod Blagojevich is going to be on The Daily Show next Thursday
Rising threat to aid agencies in Afghanistan
Nato chief reaches out to Russia 
One in Seven Germans Want Berlin Wall Back
banking bonus bubble
Silvio Berlusconi e il virus della escort.
On November 18, 1992, more than 1,600 scientists, including 104 Nobel laureates, from around the world endorsed a warning. Heres what they said.\n
A new report says investing in girls is one of the best ways to end poverty, because women who are educated are likely to reinvest up to 90 per cent of their income in their family.
In dead of night, U.S. flew 24 nuclear bombs worth of uranium out of Kazakhstan
Did you wonder about the soldiers autobiographical book about the war in Afghanistan that the Danish Govt tried to supress? Well, here you go (Google Translated)
Gang-rape killer of lesbian footballer gets life. Corrective rape in South Africa.
As if going on a plane isnt a crappy experience already.....
Thanks to the BBC, the missile defense debate can be greatly simplified. Heres what former President George W. Bush proposed and what the insane neoconservatives are hyperventilating over...
Police in Honduras break up protests caused by the return of Zelaya
Police raid house in drug bust, see that the resident has a wii, then... drop everything and play wii bowling for hours on end.[vid]
How Israel silenced its Gaza war protesters
Australian Quadriplegic dies after winning right to starve
French riot police have evacuated at least 150 Afghan boys and men from the jungle, a makeshift migrant camp on the Channel coast.
The death of the greatest human being who ever lived
100 cops outside, 100 cops inside, 100 or so bouncers, 3 bulletproof cars, and a chopper to guard her. Well fuck you Julia Roberts you aint Obama so stop the showoff bitch
Fearing persecution and violence, Jamaicas gays worship in secret churches
Obama in three-way talks with Israel and Palestine leaders
Torture techniques used on suspected terrorists by the Bush administration may have failed to get to the truth, researchers say.
Teacher jailed for sex with pupil --- Would the female teacher have been jailed if the sex had been with a boy?
Besieged Zelaya surrounded by Honduran soldiers
Suspect Arrested In Relation To FarmVille Murders sounds like an Onion headline... but is not.
Chinese president says to further integrate actions on climate change into economic development
The Australia Defence Association has backed a proposal that would see hundreds of Defence properties scattered around the country merged to form super bases.
U.S. sees hand of elite Iranian unit in Afghanistan
MI6 to train Gadhafis guards - Libyan strongman claims hes target for al-Qaida
Justine Henin comes out of retirement!!!
Philippine man loses own life after saving 30
As of now the Pirate Party won 2.1% of votes in the German federal election
HIV-positive travelers cant enter the USA, one of only 15 countries to ban HIV-positive travelers from entry
Hey Reddit, the Pirates got 2% of all votes in Germanys elections last night! 
Why the French Are Outraged Over Roman Polanskis Arrest
Looks like Pirates took 2% in German elections. Arr.
They repeatedly rejected conventional medical treatment and instead opted for homeopathic remedies.\n\nThen, against doctors\ orders, they took the baby girl to India where her condition deteriorated.\n\nJudge Peter Johnson concluded it was the most serious case of manslaughter by criminal negligence.
Your Internet freedom will be decided over lamb korma tonight. That means you are less important than sheep. Citizens of the EU, prepare to lose your rights. 
US issues threat to Pakistan that it may attack Quetta, a major city (pop. 760,000) and provincial capital.
Forbes accidentally publishes insider notes on Polanski arrest
France proposes law that would require photoshopped images carry warnings to viewers
Silvio Berlusconi targets Michelle Obama in new suntan gibe
Welcome to the New Germany
Two Guantnamo detainees resettle in Ireland
Guinea protests turn deady.  At least 58 dead.
For years, I have made the joke about Richard Reid: \Just be glad that he wasn\t the underwear bomber.\ Now, sadly, we have an example of one.
Iran launches medium-range missiles.
Rather than communicating with the general public, protesters so isolated become engaged in a rehearsed ritual of confrontations with the police that the police will win.
Two Honduran media organisations that have been critical of the countrys interim government have been closed and authorities issued a state of emergency suspending key civil liberties for 45 days. 
Honduras Suspends Civil Liberties
Cuba Pins Hopes on New For-Profit Farms
Outcry over Polanskis detention
Ghanas Kayayo girls, striving for a better life
A Journalist is suing the soon-to-be new Egyptian dictator, Jamal Mubarak for embezzlement of Billions of pounds 
Honduras suspends civil liberties, closes media stations
A European-led revolution in chemical regulation that requires that thousands of chemicals finally be assessed for their potentially toxic effects on human beings and the environment signals the end of American industrys ability to withhold critical data from the public. 
Egypt cleric to ban full veils: The Egyptian newspaper al-Masri al-Yom quoted him expressing surprise at the girls attire and telling her it was merely a tradition, with no connection to religion or the Koran.
10 million people rendered homeless and nearly 2 million houses destroyed in flooding caused by heavy rains across southern India.
Norway has retained its status as the worlds most desirable country to live 
Israels former military chief, now a government minister, cancels a visit to London fearing arrest for alleged war crimes.
Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Mohamed ElBaradei said that Israel is number one threat to Middle East with its nuclear arms
IAEA:  With respect to a recent media report, the IAEA reiterates that it has no concrete proof that there is or has been a nuclear weapon programme in Iran.\r\n
Socialists win in Greece defeating the center-right government of Karamanlis; hard work ahead, Papandreou says
On maps, Crimea is Ukrainian territory, but when court bailiffs tried to serve papers at a lighthouse here last month, they suddenly found themselves surrounded by armed troops from Russias Black Sea Fleet who delivered them to police as if they were trespassing teenagers. 
Ahmadenijad Jewish ? As I Suspected, Too Good To Be True
The financial derivatives market is 8.5 x the entire global GDP. Someone explain to me how that is possible. Or is Goldman-Sachs playing with Monopoly money?
Suicide Bomb Blast at UN Office in Pakistani Capital
McDonalds restaurants to open at the Louvre 
Colombian teachers face highest rates of political violence: political violence against educators cannot, and should not, be separated from an understanding of... a highly unequal development model favouring a small minority of wealthy elites at the expense of the vast majority of the population
Family planning is a divisive issue in Uganda, but Amrefs approach to encouraging more people in Katine to use contraceptives is paying off
Australia is the 2nd best place to live - after Norway???
Greece: After killing Alexandros Grigoropoulos last year, ruling right-wing regime loses by 10 percentage points
Honduras: The threat of a Haiti-style foreign military occupation
Al Qaedas deputy leader Ayman al-Zawahri accused Libya of torturing to death a militant whose confession was used to justify the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq.
Ex-(drunk) Finance Minister Nakagawa Found Dead At Tokyo Home
Baby mammoth yields secrets after 40,000 years in Siberian tundra 
Germans re-elected Angela Merkel, but how well do they know her? 
The niqab, a full veil worn by some devout Muslim women which covers the entire body except for the eyes, has come under fire in several countries, but this isnt exactly the first place youd expect to find it banned from schools.
Ten years after a nuclear accident killed two plant workers and shattered the safety myth surrounding atomic power generation, Japan still has much work to do in improving responses to cases of radiation exposure
Outrageous behavior by Islamic Movement: inflaming Muslims to storm Al-Aqsa on Jewish holiday. Invents conspiracy that Jews are taking over their mosque although its a traditional week of Jewish gathering at the Western Wall. Hamas calls for Intifada, and Jordan warns Israeli ambassador.
Italian prosecutor states CIA kidnapping case too grave to cover up
I guess they didnt ask Reddit...
One of the most-wanted suspects in the Rwandan genocide has been arrested 
Banks which helped Madoff skim billions set salary limits, non rich people need not apply for accounts
The G-7 Abandons The Dollar - Forbes.com
The plight of 400,000 refugees no one has ever heard of
Cellphone snapshots show that women were the particular targets of Guinean soldiers who suppressed a political demonstration at a stadium last week, with victims and witnesses describing rapes, beatings and acts of intentional humiliation.
Tony Morgan, who set up the site, said: This could turn out to be the best crime prevention weapon theres ever been. I wanted to combine the serious business of stopping crime with the incentive of winning money. 
When the armys in the dock, - How British war crimes in Iraq were covered up| George Monbiot in the Guardian
Irish voters say yes to Lisbon treaty (With some explanation of what this means)
Convicted pedophile awarded $93k after being assaulted in prison. Says I don\t  want her finding out because she\s going to go me for it
North Korea finds out its starving population is about to freeze to death.
Leaked IAEA paper: Project 110 is the code name of Iran\s secret effort to produce a nuclear warhead capable of fitting inside the nose cone of a Shahab 3 missile. 
Remote villages in Sumatra have been severely hit by the quake but are hard to reach. A report from the ground.
Britains The Independent newspaper says Gulf Arab states are in secret talks with Russia, China, Japan and France to replace the US dollar with a basket of currencies in the trading of oil.
More sex leads to less AIDS according to MIT economists.
Summary of Goldstone report: Generally OK to shoot at civilians while hiding behind civilians, but a horrible war crime to try and prevent it. Terrorists of the world, rejoice.
The Independent Fact Finding Mission on the Conflict in Georgia is more than good: in a field generally characterised by mediocrity, it is a rare gem. It suggests, among other things, the need for more clarity on what, if any, are the agreed rules for the making, breaking and interaction of states.
New Zealanders can now make online submissions to parliamentary committees
Something is afoot in central Africa and we are dropping the ball. On a visit to the region in 2007, a deep source at the UN told me that his/her expectation was that violence and genocide could erupt again and that the epicenter would be Burundi.
Egypts top cleric to ban veils in schools
After being forced from their monastery last week, 354 followers of exiled monk Thich Nhat Hanh face new police pressure to leave the temple where they sought refuge. We see clearly that they don\t want our young nuns and monks to stay together and practice as a community.
A senior Israeli cabinet minister has blamed local human rights groups for hindering travel abroad by some leading officials concerned that they might faces war crimes charges.
Parma Returns to the Philippines - It is indeed Strike Three as Parma again made landfall in the Philippines, this time on the northern tip of Ilocos Norte in extreme Northern Luzon
Top Palestinian Negotiator: Israel is lighting matches in hopes of igniting a big fire
Oh wow. Joseph Stalins grandson, Yevgeny Dzhugashvili, has launched a court action claiming a liberal Russian newspaper has defamed the former Soviet dictator by claiming Stalin ordered the deaths of Soviet citizens.
berlusconi immunity overturned
French culture minister, Frdric Mitterrand, faced calls for his resignation over an autobiography in which he described paying young boys for sex while abroad
American soldiers serving in Afghanistan are depressed and deeply disillusioned
 Mass Slaughter Is a Systemic Problem of the Modern World - The political scientist Daniel Jonah Goldhagen has never been one to shy away from controversy. In his new book, he argues that state leaders who propagate genocide should be killed outright.
Amazon Kindle Goes International: I still dont get it. Whats the appeal of a connected device that wont let you browse decently, wont accept many etext formats, and tries to lock you in in so many ways?
EU backs UN Gaza report, disappointing Israel
This will affect the whole food chain, the one you are at the top of.\r\n
A recent poll found that more than half of Israeli Jews believed intermarriage should be equated with national treason
Saudis ask for aid if world cuts dependence on oil
Tehran claims U.S. played a role in the disappearance of an Iranian nuclear scientist.
Romania unveiled a new Holocaust memorial in Bucharest today, saying the nation was now facing up to its role in the killing of Jews and Gypsies during World War Two after decades of official denial.
Nigeria offers a two-month period in which militants can surrender with amnesty.  Over 8,000 militants turn themselves in, surrendering 5,000 weapons and 18 gunboats.
German author Herta Mueller won the 2009 Nobel Literature Prize for her work inspired by her life under Nicolae Ceausescus dictatorship in Romania
EU draws up plans to establish itself as world power
Muslims form quarter of world population
Saudis ask for aid if world cuts dependence on oil
Israel\s FM Avigdor Lieberman: Peace is an Illusion learn to live with it
Ahead of the change of law, limiting Spains laws of universal jurisdiction, a legal case was filed at the Audiencia Nacional against four United States presidents and four United Kingdom prime ministers for war crimes.
Israel FM to tell U.S. envoy no peace deal possible
Taliban suicide bomber has attacked the Indian embassy in Kabul, killing at least 17
In Macedonia, a new national encyclopaedia has sparked a row worthy of the 19th century, with furious denunciations, forced resignations, hurried political intervention and appeals to outsiders to join in the condemnation of insulting entries.
Taliban claim they pose no threat to west. Statement on known Taliban website may indicate that leaders are retreating from alliance with al-Qaida
Tsunami alert issued after huge quake rocks Pacific
Raise R&amp;D spending in Europe to a gargantuan 5% of GDP by 2030. Triple the share of the European Unions budget spent on science, and triple national outlays on higher education within Europe as well. And while were at it: Double the percentage of the E.U. population with a tertiary education
Yahoo provided Iran with the names of 200,000 users
Peter Brierley, whose 28-year-old son Shaun died in March 2003, refused to shake Blair\s hand when he offered it, telling the ex premier: I\m not shaking your hand, you\ve got blood on it.
France has arrested a CERN researcher with suspected al-Qaeda links
French President Sarkozy accused of nepotism after handing top post to 23-year-old son
Global Muslim population hits 1.57 billion: nearly 1 in 4 people in the world practice Islam.
What a bizarre microcosm view of the global financial crisis: Hamas is bailing out speculators who went from boom to bust when Israeli warplanes blew up their smuggling tunnels into Egypt.
Stop nuclear proliferation in the Middle East - disarm Israel already!
Israeli media mogul looking to buy 50% of Al-Jazeera
Moldova, where Lenin still stands - How the Communist Party has held on to Moldovans votes
Less than a month ago, South Africas President Jacob Zuma set up an anti-corruption hotline.  On its first day it took 27,000 calls and had in its first three hours received some 7,300 complaints from frustrated citizens. Overwhelmed, no one seems able to get through.
Debt Moratorium in Iceland. A leading member of the Icelandic parliament called Monday night for the country to declare a debt moratorium and stop attempting to pay the $6 billion which the British and Netherlands governments are seeking to extort from Iceland...
Iraqis Question Merit of Peace-Prize.
A court in Vietnam has sentenced six democracy activists to up to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against the government. (Article includes creepy Big Brother-esque pics)
Egypt says the Louvre must return stolen artifacts or forget about ever exhibiting our historical treasures again.  The Louvre says, Yes, sir; right away, sir!
According to the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life, there are currently 2.1 billion Christians, 1.57 billion Muslims, 900 million Hindus and 14 million Jews worldwide.
Pakistan: Suicide car bomb kills 41, wounds 100, gov left with no other option but to launch an offensive in the militant stronghold of South Waziristan
Residents of Kabul, Baghdad and Jerusalem voice reservations at US presidents award.
Nearly 1 in 4 people worldwide is Muslim.
The latest sign that Democracy and Capitalism have \r\ntriumphed in Iraq: I\ve seen mothers haggle with \r\nagents over the price of their daughters
Energy bills could rise 60%, UK customers warned
Czech president Klaus makes last move to stop Lisbon Treaty 
Obama: surprised and deeply humbled to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize and calls to action
No other country in the world would so readily offer its citizens to the US as sacrificial lambs merely to safeguard a \special political relationship\.
Israeli FM says anyone who expects Israel to make peace with Palestinians is Delusional.
The war in Sri Lanka ended months ago. So why does the Sri Lankan military need another $300 million to get it through the year?
Police forces across Canada... are immediately changing their Taser use policy after the manufacturer issued a directive that officers should not aim the weapon at a suspect\s chest.
Charlie Brooker on the aging process.
Berlusconi: I am the best prime minister ever ... I am absolutely the politician most persecuted by prosecutors in the entire history of the world throughout the ages.
Welcome to Debt City: Expats who took out loans during Dubais good times now flee or face jail
Turns out the conspiracy theorists were right: Interpol and the United Nations are poised to become partners in fighting crime by jointly grooming a global police force that would be deployed as peacekeepers among rogue nations riven by war and organized crime
Embarrassing Incident in Gulf of Suez: German Ship Transporting Arms for Iran
Russians gripped by YouTube video claims of government role in hedge fund scam
Research by the Royal Melbourne Childrens Hospital suggests children under the age of two should not watch any TV at all.
No one will ever know how Afghans voted in their \r\ncountrys presidential elections on Aug. 20, 2009. \r\nSeven weeks after the polling, the U.N.-backed \r\nElectoral Complaints Commission (ECC) is still \r\ntrying to separate fraudulent tallies from ballots. 
One year since banking collapse, Icelands crisis deepens 
Child labour is illegal in Bolivia, but almost  320,000 of the countrys children and adolescents in extreme conditions, in the mines, Brazil nut plantations and sugar cane field, earning less than $5 a day
Turkey has postponed a joint air force drill after opposing Israels participation because of the war in Gaza.
The U.S. announces plans to send the USS George Washington to the South Korean port of Busan on Tuesday; North Korea fires five short-range missiles off its coast and declared a no sail zone in the area from October 10-20. Probably just a coincidence.
I don\t think it\s nice to have diversity anywhere, myself. BNP wives - a 46-minute documentary on the British right-wing
Jordan is one of the most water-scarce countries in the world. High population growth and the depletion of groundwater reserves are threatening to aggravate this situation in the future.
Zhanglidong, China  Visitors can smell this village long before they see it
China to continue birth control policy: vice premier
N Korea test-fires two missiles 
The Top 3 -Isms in the Middle East
Benefits of Piracy in Somalia: Scared international fishing trawlers avoid region and as a result, local fishing thriving
Study suggests many of the Canadians who died or hospitalised earlier this year with H1N1 virus were young adults, female and aboriginal
Afghanistan: Interview with Malalai Joya -- The occupation is `a war on the Afghan people
Crumbs instead of Cake - Germanys New \r\nGovernment Faces Reality Check
40 years later, man arrested for New York plane hijacking 
Amazon To Charge Oz Kindle Users 40 Percent Extra Per Book 
Fingerprint unmasks new Da Vinci painting, sold for $19,000 at auction as a 19th century German work. Swedish collector used multispectral digital imaging to peer through layers of pigment, discovering a fingerprint that proved the painting is a Da Vinvi worth $160 million.
NOT an Onion article: Saudis Seek Payments for Any Drop in Oil Revenue 
Colombian hitmen reveal horror of the kill. People need to eat and there\s a lot of hunger. We don\t just want the crumbs. That\s the big problem. There\s a lot of idle hands around here and many people think they have a chance if they have a gun in their hand.
Israel must end unfair jailing - Israel holds hundreds of Palestinians without trial or any way to clear their names, say two Israeli rights groups which urge an end to such detentions.
Russia insist that it has the right to launch pre-emptive nuclear strikes
Mussolini was paid by MI5 to be a warmonger
Restrictive abortion laws do not prevent abortion: The most recent data available, for 2003, show that a woman is as likely to have an abortion in regions where it is broadly legal as in regions where it is highly restricted. [chart]
A second attempt to stop oil pouring into Australian waters after a rig accident in the Timor Sea has failed.
India has rejected a demand by the Albanian government for the return of the remains of Nobel laureate Mother Teresa
Thousands of overseas students unable to enter UK
Palestinians say hopes in Obama evaporated and that he couldn\t withstand the pressure of the Zionist lobby
Youth cannot live without we
Italian dictator Benito Mussolini was recruited by MI5 
Admin: Can we put a flag next to articles in the worldnews sub-reddit to show what country an article is about?
BBCs Former Director General:  The BBC Is Part Of A Conspiracy Preventing The Radical Changes Needed To UK Democracy  
Military Records Banner Recruiting Year, because the job market is so bad.
Strange alliance: The Philippines government has asked the countrys largest Muslim separatist group to help find and free an Irish Catholic priest from pirates. The Moro Islamic Liberation Front has apparently vowed to help. 
Iranian officials have sentenced to death three protesters who participated in demonstrations following the nations disputed presidential election in June.
When Palestinians turn to peaceful demonstrations, the occupation forces start shooting to kill them before anybody knows it
Iraq report: 85,000 Iraqis killed from 2004-08
Worlds smallest man reveals 18th birthday wish: to find a wife 
Israel - and only Israel - will decide whether to attack Irans nukes
Germanys Policy of Avoidance: How Blunt Can One Be about Integration?
Russia reserves pre-emptive nuclear strike right
Britain faces looming threat of terror from neo-Nazis out to kill black people, Jews and gays\n
More than 80 Israeli students have announced their refusal to serve in the Israeli military: the occupation is a violent, racist, inhumane, illegal, undemocratic, immoral and an extreme condition that presents a mortal danger to both peoples
Canadian trucker fined for smoking in the workplace. That being, of course, the cab of his truck. Which he owns.
Moscow to ban snow this winter.  Moscow Mayor, This winter in Moscow, snow will not fall on you.
Fascism joins the 21st century: British National Party leader Nick Girffin has agreed to ask his party to allow non-white people to join.
New Zealand moves towards becoming a police state
Israeli Member of Paliament: Deporting foreign children preserves Israel\s Jewish identity
Israel gets angry when this happens on TV series, but pretty satisfied when done in Real Life.
Iranian Bloggers and tweeters: Irans supreme leader, Ayatollah Khamenei, is dead
Between 1999 and 2003, medical researchers randomly purchased artesunate (anti-malaria) from pharmacies in Cambodia, Myanmar, Laos, Thailand and Vietnam. The volume of fake pills rose from 38 percent to 53 percent. These fake drugs may account for 200,000 deaths a year. \n\n
Ayatollah Khamenei in coma says Michael Ledeen an Iranian expert
Pakistan Police Offices attacked in Lahore, More than 7 Killed
British Harrier pilot diverted bomb mid-flight to save civilians. Awesome video footage.
Zimbabwes Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai has halted a cabinet meeting and cancelled appointments in protest at the jailing of one of his aides -- accused of plotting the assassination of President Robert Mugabe.
Filipino Army seeks help from MILF rebels to free Irish priest
Mexican government closes electric utility, sacks 44,000 workers. The government of President Felipe Caldern had decreed the liquidation of the publicly owned firm that provides electricity for Mexico City and surrounding states in central Mexico, and the firing of its more than 40,000 workers...
Pakistan continues to destabilize. Today, the following were attacked: the Federal Investigation Agency and 2 police stations.
Former Australian Foreign Minister Alexander \r\nDowner: Obama should give back Nobel Prize
UK MP bills 100,000 in expenses to his own company [Telegraph]
To try and show faith and science are compatible, Vatican to open Galileo exhibit (you know, because they were so instrumental to his discoveries)
German Intelligence agency warns of Iranian spies
Bands of militants and suicide bombers hit 4 sites in Pakistan; 37 Die
Multiple attacks on federal buildings in Lahore.  I used to think that Pakistan had a weak, incompetent democracy and a overly powerful, competent military that actually ran things.  I guess was wishful thinking.
For the first time in Australian legal history, a major trial is to be televised.\n\nDr Jayant Patel will face manslaughter charges in a Brisbane court over his time as a surgeon in Bundaberg.\n
It is unacceptable in the 21st century that almost one in six of the worlds population (1 billion) is now going hungry: UN
It is impossible for any city in the world to improve infrastructure to keep pace with the rise in vehicular population.
A Lithuanian dad shot dead a judge and a senior politician because they molested his three-year old daughter. 
Bullied, attacked and racially-abused more than 50 times in eight weeks. That was the experience of two British Muslim reporters posing undercover as a couple in Bristol over the summer.
The only two Westerners living on their own in \r\nKandahar have been bombed, ambushed, and \r\nnearly sold to kidnappers. Heres what theyve \r\nlearned about the country where war just wont end.
In Norway, even murders and rapists have a shot at landing in open prison.
A British mining company is facing a multi-million pound claim for damages after group of protesters were detained and allegedly tortured at open copper plant mine. 
Karzai stripped of outright win - could now face a second round against main rival Abdullah Abdullah.
Charity fundraisers carry disabled man halfway up mountain in his wheelchair...then leave him there because they\re too tired to carry him down again.
Six Senior Iranian Revolutionary Guard Commanders Killed in Suicide Bombing, Iran Blames US and Pakistan
For the past two years, Sudanese-born cellphone magnate Mo Ibrahim has given out $5 million prizes to outstanding African presidents who had served their country with good sense. Today, Mr. Ibrahim announced that his team was unable to agree on a candidate for this years prize.
Fury after a Berlusconi-owned TV channel secretly \r\nfilmed a judge who ruled against him in a bribery \r\ncase.
Brazil deploy thousands of extra troops on the streets of Rio de Janeiro after violent clashes with gang members where at least 12 died
Rights of Labor in the US:   FDRs New Deal and the natural political evolution that grew out of that movement has done much to help working people but much of that natural evolution was later retarded by the rise of the conservative forces in the country... (follow the link to read on...)
Gordon Brown, Britians Prime Minister, said his government would be taking extensive action to reform the whole culture of the financial sector via a windfall tax on profits. All UK banks will be affected.
Hillary Clinton up to her old tricks again of making up past events at her visit to Northern Ireland
Maldives President holds (worlds first) cabinet meeting under water to raise awareness to the threat global warming and rising sea levels has for his Island nation.
You dont have to be mad to stay here but it helps: Nasa hacker Gary McKinnon gets a stay of execution from extradition to US while UK government checks his mental health!  
It isnt a big deal until you make it a big deal
With co-workers like this....well, I guess that depends on your taste.
Faced with an Israeli blockade, the Palestinian zookeepers were unable to bring in real zebras. Their solution...
Home Office climbs down over keeping DNA records on innocent
Jordan King: The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is the most serious threat to the stability of the region, if Israel doesn\t believe in the two-state solution, the possibility of a future Palestinian state will disappear because of geographic reasons: already the land is fragmented into cantons
Uk Govt has secret plans to tax electricity consumers to subsidise construction of UKs first new nuclear reactors for more than 20 years
Zionists bury Palestinians alive In Gaza
Pakistan pushes into Taliban stronghold - \nSixty militants killed as troops backed by warplanes and artillery face fierce resistance in South Waziristan
A lot of you wont know who this is, but for those that do: the author Ludovic Kennedy has died. 
British Columbia cops stomp on guys head, kick him in the ribs during arrest. Caught on video and posted to YouTube. 
She loves you  yeah, yeah, yeah, the Taliban sang, with Kalashnikovs lying on the floor around them. (Also, they sleep beneath bedsheets emblazoned with Hannah Montana.)
Russia vs. The United States: A visual comparison from mint.com.  (images)
They decapitate, torture, and extort. Then they pray, and donate to charity.
 Shanghai has been running on ultracapacitors for the past three years, and today that technology is coming to the Washington, DC, for a one-day demonstration. China! Now more advanced than America!
Coincidence? - Two British nuclear experts fall to their deaths from the same building in 4 months. 
Fifty to 70 percent of the worlds supply of lithium is contained in just one place -- Bolivias Uyuni salt flats. What will the global battery boom mean for the future of South Americas poorest country?
President Hugo Chavez called on Venezuelans on Wednesday to stop singing in the shower and to wash in three minutes because the oil-exporting nation is having problems supplying water and electricity.
Goldstone: If they dont have a good faith internal investigation, this thing is not going to lie down and die ... its going to continue.
Over the years, the U.S. has unloaded massive amounts of aid to Pakistan, including $7.5 billion more earlier this month. But the money doesnt always wind up where its supposed to.
BBC is right to allow BNP on Question Time, says Mark Thompson
A small rural town in New Zealand has been forced to cancel one of the highlights on its social calendar - a rabbit-throwing contest
Sharia Banking Comes to Germany
Colombian drug lord once responsible for 60 percent of the cocaine exported from Colombia to the U.S. gets 45 years in U.S. prison
Husseini\s so-called honor killings: ...a horrific case of a 16-year-old girl called Kifaya, who was killed because she was raped by her brother and the family blamed her for tarnishing their honour.
According to reporters without borders Israel ranks 150th in press freedom. Below Sudan, Congo, Iraq, Egypt etc.
Swine flu doctors unnerved by patients decline
8 years on and Afghan smack is as prevalent as ever. So why are they blaming the Taliban?
CEO pay in India: Vulgar and indecent
Yemen rebels fight Saudi forces 
UKs nuclear industry funds special police force that carries out covert intelligence operations against anti-nuclear protesters
Olive Grove Wars: The olive harvest brings violence between Palestinian farmers and Israeli settlers
Swine flu cases in England double in one week
Ghanas Foreign Ministry building has been largely destroyed in a fire police suspect was started deliberately -- the third fire at the ministry this year.
Ex-IDF chief\s widow rejects naming East Jerusalem street after him, I don\t think this is a street that belongs to us. I don\t think we need to be there and therefore I objected
Just one more reason that Metallica sucks: frontman James Hetfield told German TV that part of him was proud the US military chose the bands music to torture prisoners at Guantanamo Bay... It represents something that they dont likemaybe freedom, aggression I dont know Freedom of speech.
Dirty bastard: Sarkozy spent 250,000 of EU budget on shower he did not use
Even before I became a feminist in 1967, I had already learned that the (imperfect) West is still a far better place for a woman to live than is the most hospitable, beautiful, wealth-encrusted Muslim country
UK - People who persistently download illegal \r\ncontent will be cut off from the net.
Vigilante justice spreads across Mexico - More Mexicans turn to the lynch mob as crime spirals out of control
I am suspect A on the Spotter Card printed by the Guardian, and I am, in the eyes of the police force, a domestic extremist.
Brother of Afghan leader, who is supposedly apart of the illegal opium trade in Afghanistan, has been on the CIA payroll for 8 years, says officials. What the fuck?
a group of musicians, including REM, Pearl Jam and The Roots filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request to find out whether their music was played at the detention facility at Guantnamo Bay.  
80 people killed by a large car bomb in Pakistan while Clinton arrives to discuss US concerns about the increasing numbers of attacks and the security of the countrys nuclear weapons
DC Lobbyist Indicted for Conspiring to Violate Sudanese Sanctions and to Act as Illegal Agent of Sudan
EU taxpayers funded a custom-built 276,000 euros (250,000) shower for French President Nicolas Sarzoky, auditors say - but he never used it.
Cops sell confiscated drugs. And this is news?
6 UN employees killed in a Taliban attack in Kabul
Hezbollah violates UN ceasefire, fires Katyusha rocket into Kiryat Shmona.
Houses demolished in east Jerusalem
Iraq approaches IAEA for approval to revive peaceful Nuclear programme that was bombed by Israel in 1981
Making this ruthless liar EU president is a crazy plan. But Ill be backing Blair
Berlusconi says communist prosecutors and judges out to destroy him
Ahmed Wali Karzai, the brother of the Afghan president, on Wednesday denied reports that he has received regular payments from the CIA for much of the past eight years.
The arrogance of Berlusconi knows no bound - Italian women are taking a stand against this buffoon they call Prime Minister
The dirty little secret of modern economics is that the models created by central banks and governments to manage the economy say almost nothing about finance.
Hamas vows to prevent Palestinian elections in Gaza
TALIBAN gunmen have stormed a UN hostel in central Kabul, killing at least three UN staffers in an assault that the Islamists warned marked a bloody countdown to new Afghan elections.
Erdogan: Use of Weapons of Mass Destruction by Israel in Gaza is a Fact, We Cannot Remain Silent about Targeting Civilians with White Phosphorus
There is something about the Piccard family
Unidentified viral outbreak in Western Ukraine. State of Emergency Declared.
The universality of war propaganda: A soldier with the Russian army in Afghanistan recounts what they believed about their mission 
Nigerias space agency is no joke. It has launched satellites and aims to put Africans into space
Mafia killing in Italy caught on camera
American Fascism: Some of the other evidence the feds seized that shows he promotes riots? Steampunk magazine, for one. Buffy the Vampire Slayer DVDs. Anarchist political-theory books. A needlepoint depiction of Lenin that belonged to Madisons wifes grandmother.
Only a matter of time: UK drugs adviser sacked for comments
An example to follow? Ecuador to override drug patents in order to provide affordable medications
Matthew Hoh- Explains Why He Resigned From His Position- we are involved in a 35-year-old civil war...we are not the lead character in that war, that it\s an internal conflict.- One of the most cogent strategic evaluations of the situation from a US official I\ve heard (Text and video)
Removal of David Nutt risks discouraging experts from giving opinion
Artificial hymens available to the Middle East are causing an uproar in Egypt.
U.S. Navy ship accidentally fires on Polish port 
Remember the woman who died during a radio stations hold the wee contest to win a Nintendo Wii? Well, the family won $16 million in damages.
More people seek asylum due to sexual orientation: \r\nI had no choice. Where I\m from, heterosexual \r\nmen practice hate crimes against us like a sport, \r\nand the police do nothing to stop it.
Swiss Banking Is Finished: Switzerlands decision to start playing ball with other governments on issues like tax evasion and the arrest of Roman Polanski has destroyed the countrys reputational capital, which formed the core of its banking system.
Mafia hit caught on tape...Naples
Israel endorses Iran nuclear plan
Global jump in swine flu deaths 
Paraguayan landowner calls for the creation of armed groups to liquidate communists
Russia should build a new nuclear-powered spaceship for prospective manned missions to Mars and other planets, the nations space chief said Thursday.
Dhondup Wangchen spent five months interviewing ordinary Tibetans about their hopes and frustrations living under Chinese rule. The resulting documentary was smuggled out and shown at film festivals and on the internet. He now faces charges of state subversion.
A Palestinian student has been handcuffed, blindfolded and forcibly expelled to the Gaza Strip by Israeli troops just two months before she was due to graduate from university
Honduras\ ousted president, government sign pact: This signifies my return to power in the coming days said Zelaya
National right-wing newspaper to close in Canada: Canwest says National Post could close after Friday
Honduras rivals close to deal 
While many in the Western world work towards ending prohibition the Canadians Conservative government is building more prisons to deal with the new mandatory minimum sentencing laws. Prison budget: $88.5-million in 2006-07 to $195.1-million this year. Projected $211.6-million in fiscal year 2010-11.
Wild bear kills two terrorists.Yes,a wild BEAR kills two TERRORISTS in india.
We are talking about an end to privacy itself, unlimited powers of search and seizure - in short, a New Zimbabwe in place of New Zealand
In the past 40 yrs, the permanent resident population of Venice has decreased by half. At the current rate of emigration - about 800 residents a yr - demographers predict there will not be a single Venetian left by 2030. But its not flooding thats driving away the natives.
Border guards refusal to shoot let the Iron Curtain drop; defiant move changed history
Irish accent beats French as worlds sexiest
Norways second-largest university to vote on Israel boycott
About 800,000 Tutsis and moderate Hutus were massacred by Hutu militias within 100 days during the 1994 genocide. Now the United Nations genocide court in Tanzania seems to be reneging on its promise to transfer Rwandan convicts to serve the remainder of their sentences in their homeland
In Afghanistan, US troops fight and die, and a Chinese firm is awarded a $3 bn. copper mining contract
*le sigh* Naturopaths prescribing rights getting expanded in Ontario, Canada
U.N. Cant Account for Millions Sent to Afghan Election Board
David Cameron to tell voters that (contrary to previous promises) the Conservative party will NOT hold a referendum on the Lisbon Treaty if it has already become law.
It\s like playing chess with a monkey, you get them to checkmate, and then they swallow the king. EU Diplomat on nuclear negotiations with Iran
A new ocean is forming in Ethiopia. 35-mile rift in the Ethiopian desert will eventually connect the Red Sea and Arabian Sea.
North Korea claims to have weaponized plutonium
Hamas tests long-range rocket 
UKs broadband tax will force 100,000 homes to give up internet connection, warns CEO
A third of threatened species now face actual extinction
Israel has released six members of the Palestinian parliament from jail after holding them for up to three years - some were never charged with an offence. 
Hillary Clinton speaks to Arab leaders in Morocco, defends remarks praising Israel
Nepal: Nighttime photo of communists marching with torches against government
Mexico\s cursing problem. The generation younger than 30 sees the use of bad words as more natural, and they use them not only in front of friends but in front of their parents or bosses.
The Irish Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that a premier Dublin golf club can continue to bar women from membership
Settler Colonialism: Return to the Middle Ages. The Palestinians have been under a racist settler form of colonialism for over sixty years; and they are targeted with a campaign of ethnic cleansing launched by armed gangs of settlers supported by Israels police and army.
Karzai vows to battle corruption, build an inclusive government, win the war and a peace Nobel Prize, ban opium, ban Ki-moon, reach the moon...
Diamond producers meet on conflict diamonds; calls for an international ban on Zimbabwe\s diamond sales
Professor David Nutt: The population is with me
Israel: migrant workers will receive shelter, food and medical care . . .  would perform manual labor outside the camps, but would not earn a salary. They would stay at the camp until their asylum claims are decided, which could take months or years. Slaves?
ExxonMobil to pay Iraq $50bn in fees, plus $2 per barrel of oil moved, for exclusive development of Iraqs largest petroleum reserve (West Qurna oilfield).
Five British soldiers gunned down while preparing for tea -- by Afghan policeman they were training 
Dutch among lowest cannabis users in Europe: report
File-Sharers Protected Under Proposed EU Legislation
College of Physicians and Surgeons of British Columbia: Routine infant male circumcision performed on a healthy infant is now considered a non-therapeutic and medically unnecessary intervention... previously-thought prophylactic public health benefits do not out-weigh the potential risks. [PDF :(]
A Venezuelans account of Venezuelas ban on video games.
Palestinians might have to abandon the goal of an independent state if Israel continues to expand Jewish settlements, the chief Palestinian negotiator said.
Italy, the CIA, and rendition - What Wednesday\s stunning verdict in Rome means for the War on Terror
Danish firm launches vitamin-rich chewing gum for 3rd world kids to help fight malnutrition and blindness
Mexican mayor announces death of political rival hours before his body was found and two days before it was identified
36 Containers from Iran - Israel Stops German Ship \r\nCarrying Weapons for Hezbollah
U.N. Set to Endorse Inquiry Into Possible War Crimes in Gaza 
\n\nThe antigovernment protesters in Iran, who had been careful to distance themselves from America, have just asked the West not to sell them out.
This is what the Nazis did to the Jews - Who are now doing it to the Palestinians.  [Video]
Buying Itself Out of a Recession - Countries Ask \r\nHow Germany Avoided Mass Unemployment
Ex-KGB spy gunned down in Moscow
UK: Asset-seizing powers out of control as legal powers voted in to deal with terrorism and organised crime are being used for minor offences. 
The alternative left for Palestinians is to refocus \r\ntheir attention on the one-state solution where \r\nMuslims, Christians and Jews can live as equals
Duh?: Occupiers involved in drug trade: Afghan minister
Saudi jets bomb Yemen rebels 
Frustrated by the peace process, Palestinian president Mahmoud Abbas will not stand in 2010 elections
Every few weeks you have to sow fear, every few months you need to make threats, and once every year or two you have to have another little war
Iran\s Arabic-language television channel, Al-Alam - The World- has been taken off the air in Egypt and Saudi Arabia
We broke the law, admits CIA agent convicted of rendition
Saudi forces keep up Houthi assault -Jets and ground forces hit Yemeni rebel fighters for third consecutive day
Mystery of Argleton, the Google town that only exists online
Afghanistan: Five British troops are killed by an Afghan colleague and a fragile trust is broken
All over Latin America, and especially in the Andes, a political awakening is emboldening Indians who have lived mostly as second-class citizens since the Spanish conquest.
Shamanism makes a comeback in Mongolia
Spain resists deal with Somali pirates 
Paraguays president, Fernando Lugo, has sacked the head of the armed forces, after warning some officers were plotting a coup against him.
Thousands of Ivory Coast victims look to be losing the money that Trafigura paid for poisoning them. The entire settlement is about to be stolen by unnamed local powers. 
Russian police officer video message to Putin; talks about police brutality, issues and corruption
France: Thousands of cleaners strike. 30 sites, including company HQ, occupied. They are doing so with the support of unions and other groups who have joined with them to denounce the exploitation of undocumented workers
The UN backs Gaza war crimes report 
Nanoparticles could damage DNA at a distance, study suggests
Toxic waste victims could lose 30m as court freezes Trafigura compensation
Amazingly, not from The Onion: Hutterite Colony heartbroken over stolen tractor.
 Saudi air force hits Yemen rebels after border raid   
Turkey: Where genocides just not so bad
UN endorses Goldstone report
Dear United States: How many countries do you have to be at war with to be disqualified from receiving the Nobel Peace Prize?
Ft. Hood: Muslims Should Stand Up and Fight the Aggressor...When the majority of victims of terrorism are muslim.... not so much
Overpopulation: The Facts - by History Channel Staff
Palestinian President Mahmoud has confirmed he is not seeking re-election
Doubts renewed over Iran aims 
New chemical Element Discovered
Abbas withdraws from Palestinian presidential race; PA officials: decision is in protest of the US administrations failure to exert pressure on Israel to stop construction work in the West Bank settlements. 
Ukraine epidemic kills 109, 763,000 infected, and 34,000 hospitalized. Last Friday 40,000 infected and 900 hospitalized.  
57% of Brits think Afghan victory is impossible, and 73% want a pullout.
13-year-old schoolboy confronts BNP leader Griffin at memorial for Pathan Indians: Isnt this against your partys policy? 
Three doctors and a nurse have been arrested for allegedly selling newborns after telling mothers their babies had died at a private hospital in Mexico City.
A brand new set... of lies. \nLeave it to CBC to set us all straight. Long live the free press.
Anne Frank diary offends Lebanons Hezbollah
Islamists in Somalia stone a man to death for adultery but spare his pregnant girlfriend... until she gives birth.
Confronted by growing evidence that sex between men is a significant driver of new HIV infections, the Kenyan government has shed a long-time refusal to acknowledge the existence of homosexuality and will launch a survey of gay attitudes and behaviors in its three biggest cities next year.
We announce to the world that our objective is to establish an independent Islamic State in Afghanistan. We do not plan to invade or impose Islamic Sharia on any other country, especially the European countries, concludes the Taliban statement.
Russian ultranationalist admits murdering a human rights lawyer and a journalist.  He shot them both at point-blank range - in broad daylight.
A new Internet freedom provision means that European countries can still adopt three-strikes rules targeting P2P users, but they must presume innocence, guard privacy, and allow for judicial appeal
Ho Chi Minh City has seen its population increase by 41.14 percent or more than two million people over the last decade.
With Blair out of the picture, the EU is trying to decide what kind of personality it wants for the new position of president
There\s No There There: IAEA Inspects Iran Nuclear Site; Finds Nothing To Be Worried About
China-India border dispute comes to the boil.\n \nDalai Lama finds himself caught in the middle as worlds most populous nations  both nuclear armed  flex their muscles
British PM urges global financial tax
Interview with Matthew Hoh - the officer who resigned a few weeks ago in protest over the Afghan war - explains his reasons
Cubas best-known blogger Yoani Sanchez said state security officials seized and assaulted her in an effort to block her participation in a march against violence.
Analysis: Andean Cold War raises risks for Colombia and Venezuela
French company EDF Energy wants Britain to fix the market if it builds nuclear plants: British families could be forced to pay up to 227 extra on their annual energy bills to help fund the project
CIA men jailed for extraordinary rendition kidnap \r\nof Muslim cleric
A taste of the conflict and mass movement of populations that may spread across the world if population growth outstrips natural resources.
Privatisation debate in Queensland, Australia\r\n\r\nAnna Bligh and Andrew Fraser have a Plan for Queensland. Unfortunately, it is the wrong plan. And it has not been subject to the critical examination that it deserves.
Israel: Remote control occupation?
Reported Cases in Ukraine Double Again To 871,037
Three more government drug advisers resign after Nutt sacking
UK ministers cancel Big Brother database: Plans to store information about every phone call, email and internet visit have in effect been abandoned by the Government
Rupert Murdoch wants to find ways to block Google from indexing his news sites. I guess meta name=robots isn\t good enough for him.
Mikhail Kalashnikov celebrates his 90th birthday today. He still works at the same factory where he invented one of the worlds most iconic guns 62 years ago.
Fat in Japan? Youre breaking the law
China Executes 9 for Role in Uighur Riots
Cannabis use in Europe
The morning I finally decided to give up using cash, the whole world changed.
The state of English libel laws is so embarrassing that a number of US states have enacted legislation to protect their citizens from our courts.
Concerns are growing in Israels government over the possibility of a unilateral Palestinian declaration of independence within the 1967 borders, a move which could potentially be recognized by the United Nations Security Council. 
A law that demands consent to internet cookies has been approved and will be in force across the EU within 18 months
Inch By Inch, House By House: How Israel Won the Settlement Battle...Again.
Rupert Murdoch vows to take all of Newscorps websites out of Google, abolish fair use, tear heads off of adorable baby animals
Chavez to troops: Prepare for war with Colombia
Time bomb effect of one-sided news: Only 12% of Europeans claim to trust the media yet new research shows that even the most hardened Europeans may change their political views if they are bombarded with enough biased news.
Statement from school the media reported to have banned a girl trying to raise cancer money to save her dying dad 
AIPAC head who was indited for espionage, wants Obama and Netanyahu to stop talking about Palestinians and start talking about bombing the crap out of Iran.  
Ban Ki-moon is expected to transmit the Goldstone report to the UN Security Council soon--which accuses both Israel and the Hamas militants of war crimes during the 22 day Gaza conflict
An elderly, half-blind cat had a noose placed around its neck before being strung over a bridge by two teenagers, a Melbourne Childrens Court heard today.
The Berlin Wall, 20 years gone - The Big Picture [pics]
Brazil pledges deep emission cuts in political gesture to rich nations 
IMAGINE the United States is in ruins from civil war and boatloads of its citizens are seeking safe haven in Australia - would we turn them away? Not a chance.
There has been a clash between ships from the rival navies of North and South Korea, according to the South Korean news agency Yonhap
If Mr Netanyahu believes that he has achieved a victory by refusing to halt the settlements, he is wrong. It is more like a project of national suicide.
The British Government has dissolved the \r\nParliament of the Turks and Caicos islands after \r\nMany millions were blown on items like a bullet \r\nproof car for the premier, the use of a jet, body \r\nguards, lavish summer parties and a fleet of Range \r\nRovers for ministers
Whistleblower cop is YouTube sensation - A Russian police officer has released a series of videos calling out corruption
The officer reportedly mistook a pipe the boy was carrying for a gun and shot him dead. The boy was 3 years old.
Its amazing how far weve come: France and \r\nGermany hold joint Armistice Day commemoration \r\nfor the first time in history
Man renting himself out as a punchbag for stressed women
Food: Is Monsanto the answer or the problem? -Great title, crappy article. The grand praise and fluff criticism of Monsanto in this article is a prime example of  journalism in the interest of business. the article smacks of sterilization.
The DNA of innocent people arrested in England and Wales should be held for no longer than six years
Gorbachev Says Obama Should Start Afghan Withdrawal 
German thug stabs and kills pregnant muslim woman in a courtroom.  Bailiff shoots womans muslim husband, assuming that he is the attacker.
Top Blackwater staff authorized attempted bribes of Iraqi officials in the wake of the 2007 Nisour Square massacre.
Ukraine epidemic kills 189;  1,122,000 infected, and 57,286 hospitalized.
U.S. Intelligence: Iran Possesses Trillions Of Potentially Dangerous Atoms
Hollywoods attempt to force DRM measures on BBCs HDTV broadcasts fails after intense public pressure
Itaip dam fails and puts Brazil under massive blackout. So Paulo and Rio with no electricity for more than 3 hours.
Blackwater Said to Approve $1 Million in Iraqi Bribes After Shootings 
President of Eritrea in a rare interview: Why would you want to have allies? It\s a sign of weakness.
Investigative journalist Seymour Hersh says the US has a rapid-response unit ready to secure Pakistan\s nuclear weapons in the event of a mutiny or any nuclear incident
You can keep on putting troops in, and you could have 200,000 troops there and the country will swallow them up as it has done in the past. There are many empires who tried to make Afghanistan a stable and different country ...\n Obama National Security Adviser James Jones
Russia, India, China to Forge Common Approach to Global Issues
Brazils 2 largest cities hit by blackouts
Chinese scientists have artificially induced the second major snowstorm to wreak havoc in Beijing this season, state media said, reigniting debate over the practice of tinkering with Mother Nature.
What Goldstone says about the US
They will not require the permission of a judge or a magistrate to obtain the information. Britons: Big Brother is watching.
Abu Abbas prepares to exit office in frustration, having achieved little as a partner for peace. Tragic. 
Blackwater may have tried to bribe their way out of the Nisour Square killings in order to remain in Iraq.
When it comes to scary, life-threatening situations, being stranded on a sheet of Arctic ice that has snapped off and is drifting out to sea in the dark is one thing. Knowing there are three hungry polar bears stalking you is another.
Christian janitor rises above the barriers of caste, creed and sectarian terrorism and gives his life to save Muslim university students in Pakistan.
WHAT?!  Afghanistan is so rife with corruption that the US is basically funding the very people theyre fighting!  Were talking obscene amounts of money!
A 575-page blistering report by Justice Richard Goldstone detailing war crimes in Gaza last December is refusing to die despite an aggressive Israeli smear campaign to kill it. The report...received overwhelming support Thursday in the 192-member General Assembly.
An Australian Special Forces explosives detection dog has been found alive and well almost 14 months after going missing in action (MIA) in Afghanistan.
As the US caves in to Israeli demands on settlements and breaks the promises given in Cairo, the Economist wonders, is Israeli political jewjitsu just too strong for Obama? 
UN Official: Penalize Israel Over Gaza 
A prominent Chinese dissident says he has been stuck in limbo at Tokyo airport for nine days because China refuses to let him return home.
Security firm Blackwater paid off Iraqi officials after civilian deaths 
Dublin, Ireland brought to standstill. 70,000 blast government for targeting ordinary people for the rich
...the rational solution is to take the drug market back from the unregulated anarchy of criminal gangs, and transfer it to pharmacists, off-licences, and doctors who operate in the legal economy.
US Military use of torture and terror: 1900 - Present
Roberts propositioned the girl, unaware he was chatting to his wife, the court was told. 
Human Rights Watch: Chinas Secret Black Jails \r\nHide Severe Rights Abuses
Medvedev calls for economic reform - standing a bit further from Putin
Swine flu deaths in Europe doubling by the week
Apartheid in Israel: 21-year-old Palestinian female student in Bethlehem University was deported two weeks ago to Gaza. 
The Plunder of Iraq\s Oil. As the direct result of the Iraq war, major American and other transnational energy conglomerates are now gaining control over some the largest oilfields in the world.
UK: Gang beats up Leicester student who came to \r\naid of girl wearing headscarf
Tuna in peril as catches reach triple the limit 
A campaign in Extremadura (Spain) The pleasure is in your hands is said to consist of masturbation workshops for teenagers. Controversy raises because it is considered a waste of money. 
Report criticises excessive use of dementia drugs: Overall in the UK, 180,000 people with dementia are on anti-psychotic drug, with only around 36,000 getting any benefit
Six-year limit on DNA retention of innocents
N.Korea warns South it will pay for clash
All new UK nurses must have degree under new rules in the biggest shake-ups of medical education in the history of the NHS
Mr. Splashy Pants whale could soon be safe: End of Japanese whale hunting in sight
Obama has authorized more predator drone strikes in Pakistan in 10 months than George W. Bush authorized in three years, killing over 500 people.
Italian court finds 23 CIA operatives guilty in absentia for the abduction of a Muslim cleric.\r\nThe trial was the first by any government over the Central Intelligence Agencys extraordinary rendition program.\r\n
Duke Professor Finishes Yale\s Job, Prints Mohammed Images in New Book - Muhammad: The \Banned\ Images
Girls shouldnt expect to have it all says school head
Incredible. Right now, even Liberias national parliament doesnt have a full copy of the law. Why not? Because the few volumes that do exist have been quietly copyrighted -- and subsequently held ransom -- by Philip Banks, the man in charge of Liberias legal reform.
Blown for Good: Behind the Iron Curtain of Scientology - wiki interviews author who escaped Scientology and is now suing the church.
Nurse who was sacked for filming abuse of elderly patients gets her job back.
So I was watching CNBC the other day (am I the only one?) and my head imploded when this segment came on...
The official explained to Netanyahu that if there was \r\na peace, investment would push Israels growth \r\nrate from 5% a year to 7%. The Israeli PM \r\nresponded that if the country had 5% growth, it did \r\nnot need peace.
On communist rebels in India: You have an army of very poor people being faced down by an army of rich that are corporate-backed. I am sorry but it is like that.
A Spanish region\s new approach to sex education has provoked anger by suggesting children be taught self-exploration and self-pleasure.
In Minas Gerais state in Brazil nearly 30% of the married women admitted to having an extra relationship. Now Brazilian police are hunting for a mysterious blogger who claims to be waging a lone crusade against unfaithful wives.
China accused of Abuses in Secret Jails. The jails were secret because officials in China are subject to a national civil service system that penalizes them based on the number of complaints received in Beijing about them.
Boy wins compensation for attack by another three-year-old with a car jack: My son was hit 11 times on his head and face with a car jack, his attacker kept on lashing out even though Jay was screaming out in pain and covered in blood.
Venice may be brimming with Renaissance treasures, churches and palaces, but it has staged a funeral to mourn the decline of its most precious resource  people
Fascism for progressives: BNP leaders vote overwhelmingly to change the party\s constitution so non-white members can join.
The newspaper said the civilians claimed British soldiers in Iraq copied sexual and physical abuse from photographs taken at the notorious US-run Abu Ghraib jail in Baghdad, which emerged in 2004.
Note to self: Never, ever take dietary advice from Hugo Chavez
Venezuela Government Turns Tear Gas on Mayor Over Land Conflict
Amazing 300,000 Starling Birds Cloud Video - EzineAll.com
Brothers in arms - The Juniper Cobra missile defense exercise between Israel and the US came to an end this week, culminating in the mostly ceremonial firing of several Patriot missiles into the Mediterranean.
Pakistan military runs terrorist training camps, says French judge
Swine Flu Count: 4,000 Dead, 22 Million Ill
Icelands National Assembly is a unique attempt to capture the wisdom of the crowd. This is probably the first time that a statistically representative sample of a whole nation is brought together for a whole day of discussions. The results are in and will be available on the web.
The poorest region in Spain is paying for a campaign to promote onanism [real story]
This kicks The Weather Channels ass.
Australian Senator says Scientology is a criminal organisation, calls for police enquiry.
Australia: Independent senator Nick Xenophon has accused the Church of Scientology of being a criminal organisation.
More than 500.000 private messages from 9 / 11 leaks at wikileaks this week
The grave of Neda Soltan, the Iranian demonstrator whose murder was captured on a cellphone video has been desecrated by the Ahmadinejad regime in an attempt to stifle political dissent
Obama to China: Stop censoring the internet. China to Obama: I think were going to censor you on the internet
Two-thirds of Iraqs Christians have died or fled the country due to the Iraq War. Nice going, American Christians.
Australian Independent Senator on the senate floor,  demanded a senate inquiry into Scientology calling it a criminal organisation that coerced abortions, assault, imprisonment, covering up sexual abuse, embezzlement of church funds and blackmail
Japanese politicians used a secret bottomless state fund to bribe opponents and help fund their election campaigns
Staff at T-Mobile sold millions of customers personal records.
Corruption, country by country. The 2009 Transparency International index in full
The most organized lobby in the world is real and it kick ass
The massive ordnance penetrator, or MOP, now being rushed into development to be carried on B-2 and B-52 bombers. The most likely targets? Iran and North Korea.
Hunger kills 17,000 children per day
12 Afghans killed, 30 wounded after rockets slammed into a market northeast of Kabul, missing a meeting between Frances top general in Afghanistan and dozens of tribal elders and senior local officials
The European Union has followed the United States in saying it is not ready to recognize Palestinian statehood
UK police plans to put details of violent men on register - and those who drive their wives and girlfriends to suicide could be charged with killing them!
Why Pakistan is winning ITS war against the Taliban?
In order to further violate the International Laws, Israel gives the green light for the construction of 900 houses in occupied East Jerusalem
Russian rappers groove with Putin. I have to say that young people involved in these arts in our country give them their own Russian charm. Because rap...is being filled with social content, discusses problems of the youth.
Israel approves new homes in east Jerusalem
One man, four frauds ... and mystery of the missing 8m
Protesters: IDF used .22-caliber ammo at West Bank fence - Haaretz - Israel News
How America is snooping on YOU.
West Bank Israeli Soldiers Refuse Orders to Help in Dismantling Illegal Settlements
Israel approves 900 settler homes
7 men survive 2 MONTHS adrift in the Pacific. [BBC]
Israeli settlers in the South Hebron Hills of the West Bank have been harassing a Palestinian family walking home, then beat and robbed two internationals who accompanied them.
Virtually legal: In many countries, full jails, stretched budgets and a general weariness with the war on drugs have made prohibition harder to enforce
For roughly the same cost as stationing 40,000 troops in Afghanistan for one year, we could educate the great majority of the 75 million children worldwide
Mexico\s Juarez on path to anarchy -  2000 dead so far this year. We have an unsustainable economy - a globalised economy - which pays very low wages. That allowed an alternative economy to be created which also globalised - drugs. Both economies are playing here.
Athens in siege: police Hq attacked, hundreds detained and many wounded
Inside Dignitas: Assisted Suicide in Switzerland - We don\t discuss moral questions. What moral? Which moral? Catholic? Muslim? Buddhist? We are just working of the atheist basis of self-determination
Australia: This is growing now... Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has concerns about Scientology
Former Nazi SS man, aged 90, on trial for the murder of 58 Jewish forced labourers in 1945...
Silicon Sweatshops: Despite strict codes of conduct, labor rights violations are the norm at Apple, Nokia and Dell factories
New Zealand tops Denmark as worlds least corrupt nation
 A treasure trove of Tibetan art and manuscripts uncovered in sky high Himalayan caves could be linked to the storybook paradise of Shangri-La, says the team that made the discovery
Afghaniscam | Mother Jones
Canadian troops could soon be outfitted to fight in Canadian cities. So even in Canada the people are seen as the enemy by those in power. 
Australian Justice is Coloured: An opinion on the young Aboriginal boy who had to go to court over recieving a stolen freddo frog. 
Spain Codifies The Right to Broadband
Independent judiciary a threat to national security, says Foreign Office official
John Pilger: The Theft of West Papuas mineral wealth. Let the Bird of Paradise go Free...\nThe provinces courageous resistance movement 
Afghanistan, Iraq Near Bottom of Corruption Index
School massacre prevented
If our Founding Fathers wanted us to care about the rest of the world, they wouldn\t have declared their independence from it. \n Stephen Colbert
Escalation of Afghanistan War: Canada Faces a Fateful Decision.
Ecuador energy crisis cripples production, disrupts cities - UPI.com
Cosmic rays may have caused Qantas jets plunge
Wow, it turns out the guy who was paralyzed but fully aware for 23 years isn\t.. he\s a vegetable and the people saying he\s communicating are really faking his communication. 
Prof Nutt (Govt scientist who was sacked over Cannabis research) cuts presenter down to size on Sky News
UK jails schizophrenic for refusal to decrypt files
The worlds biggest animal sacrifice begins today
Screw you Murdoch. BBC have no plans to charge for online news
Leaked documents reveal Tony Blair lied about Iraq
Microbiologist who warned that flu vaccine was bioweapon &amp; arrested by FBI for allegedly trying to bomb White House was expert in manipulation of virii, with 28 publications
Indias parliament is up in arms over the leak of a report, 17 years in the making, on the destruction of a mosque, the Babri Masjid, in 1992. The report exposes the complicity of Indias right-wing Bharatiya Janata Party in the riot and clashes that followed.
Bank of England gave SECRET bailout loans to RBS and HBOS
DNA nation: British police keep a much larger DNA database than anyone else. USA is 5th
An activist in China has been sentenced to 3 years in prison for blogging about poorly built schools that collapsed during Chinas massive earthquake last year, which killed thousands of children.
Australian airport takes away a paralympians wheelchair and he ends up crawling through the airport to board his plane.
Cruel, illegal, immoral: Human Rights Watch condemns UKs role in torture. Pressure for inquiry grows as torturers themselves allege British complicity.
Police routinely arresting people to get DNA
China executes two over tainted milk powder scandal
There are fears in Japan that a potentially deadly Australian invader is beginning to close in on some of the countrys most crowded urban areas.
In Afghanistan, People hate the Americans from the bottom of their hearts 
The number of deaths by cause over the past 300 days - this really puts the swine flu pandemic into perspective
Political dynasties die hard in Philippines - Against death toll from Mondays violence, now at 46, political warlordism looms large
UK role in torture of its own citizens in Pakistan condemned by HRW as cruel, counter-productive and in clear breach of international law
Drunk police accused of beating a man to death.
Call girl who made Berlusconi look bad receives death threats
Blackwater secret war in Pakistan exposed - Taliban \r\nassertions that Blackwater bombed civilians need to \r\nbe investigated
Kelvin Thomson stepped up his population-control campaign last week, releasing a 14-point plan to cap Australias population at 26 million.
Russia is Telling Blond, Blue-Eyed People to Breed. Its Working.
Italian Professor of Medicine makes a startling breakthrough while treating his wife. Its possible he has found a cure for multiple sclerosis
Dubai is going bust.. Major govt. owned Investment company asks for a delay in its debt repayments
In Japan, Herbivore Boys Subvert Ideas Of Manhood 
Widespread child sexual abuse by Catholic priests in Dublin was covered up for decades by senior clerics
Here is why domestic violence campaigns focus on Women and Girls
Israeli Mossad trainee gets caught planting fake bomb under car, Israeli TV says it hoped the agency\s operatives were more effective abroad.
The Nine Nations of China
Canada warned that prisoners turned over to Afghanistan were sexually abused, beaten, stabbed, shocked, and burned.
US refuses to sign anti-landmine treaty
The dark side of the internet
Police in Kent have at last acknowledged that arresting people for being too tall might not be a very good idea.
Over a Hundred Massive Icebergs Heading Towards New Zealand (Photos)
Brazil and Iran: Welcome To The Luladinejad Axis - When Lula talks, world leaders do listen - I told Obama, I told Sarkozy, I told Merkel - This is not only Lula talking - it\s BRIC (Brazil, Russia, India, China) talk. 
Computer hacker Gary McKinnon is facing a US trial
Iran seizes Nobel winner Shirin Edabi&amp;rsquo;s medal - Times Online
UK banks will be forced to publish the number of staff earning more than 1m under Walker Review proposals
BBC News - Irish Church accused of abuse cover-up
Women to be jailed in Mexico for having an abortion
The worlds 10 fattest countries
Those killed included at least 12 journalists,  making Monday the deadliest single day for journalists anywhere in the world.
Obama must keep in mind that South Asia is a tar pit filled with failed and dysfunctional states, save for one long-established democracy of 1.2 billion people that is the second-fastest-growing major economy in the world, a check on Chinas rising ambitions, and a natural ally of the United States.
When Massacres Go Wrong: Most of the victims were relatives, lawyers and supporters of Ismael Mangudadatu, a rival of the Ampatuan family. Twenty-seven of them were journalists covering the event and fifteen are reported to have been innocent motorists who happened to have been passing by.
Former Colombian general sentenced to 40 years in prison for colluding with rightwing death squads in Mapiripn massacre
The Worlds Children (Photo Gallery)\r\n
Death toll at 57 in Philippine massacre 
We have seen new kinds of cancer that were not recorded in Iraq before war in 2003, types of fibrous cancer and bone cancer. These refer clearly to radiation as a cause
Former Miss Argentina dies after ass surgery 
Pirate Bay refuses to shut down. remains elusive. 
Hugo Chavez threatens to nationalize private banks for refusing to lend to the poor and for failing to sufficiently aid in the countrys development.
Sacked by text, the Indian workers who built Dubai 
We are not a backward people, and we are \r\ncapable of fighting for democracy, human and \r\nwomen\s rights in Afghanistan. In fact the only way \r\nthese values will be achieved is if we struggle for \r\nthem and win them ourselves.
UK again shows no backbone in extradition request.It is quite astonishing that two boys who have been found not guilty in the court in which they were tried have now been sentenced in their absence to three years\ imprisonment. 
East Jerusalem should be Palestinian capital, says European Union - Israel accuses EU of destroying prospects of renewed peace talks 
Five British yachtsmen have been detained by the Iranian navy
Maziar Bahari was jailed under the ridiculous assumption that he was a spy because of working with Jason Jones of the Daily Show [VIDEO]
An Italian town\s Operation White Christmas aims to kick immigrants out before December 25th.
As flooding continues in the Philippines, with little international aid or publicity, streets become canals and natives quietly adjust to living in a seemingly permanent flood zone instead of on dry land. 
Amy Goodman Detained at Canadian Border, Questioned About Speechand 2010 Olympics
Iran prison doctor for the protestors was poisoned, prosecutors say
Venice flooded by seasonal high tide
20 Signs That The U.K. Has Become The Most Oppressive Big Brother Society On Earth
American troops did not expect to play a role in stabilizing Iraq after overthrowing Saddam Hussein, a key adviser to former British Prime Minister Tony Blair said Monday.
Canadas image lies in tatters. It is now to climate what Japan is to whaling.\n\t\t\t\tComment is free |\n\t\t\t\tThe Guardian
A new law has come into force making it a criminal offence for people to cause a nuisance or disturbance in NHS hospitals.
Chinese state media reveal secret, illegal jails
It is a great honor for me to stand here tonight as the first Somali journalist to win this award. By recognizing me, you are also recognizing the courage of the small band of working journalists still in Somalia.
Israeli military now hiring professional trolls -- unit forming to fight enemies online
Report: Teenage suicide bomber kills Pakistan provincial lawmaker in his house
The party is over in Dubai. It officially ended for the freewheeling emirate late Wednesday afternoon when Dubai World, the government-controlled investment conglomerate, announced a six-month standstill on debt repayments.
Northern Ireland - 50% rise in new HIV cases in year 
A 26-year-old doctor who exposed the torture of jailed protesters in Iran died of poisoning from a delivery salad laced with an overdose of blood pressure medication
North Koreans in shock after the Govt decide to revalue the won currency -- existing notes are swapped with new ones at exchange rate of 100 to one, knocking two zeroes off their value!
Smokers who drop cigarette butts in the City face an 80 fine following the launch of a new crackdown. 
What emerges from these 12,000 pages of documents is how the diocese became complicit in hiding, obfuscating and harming children in its flock. Young. Defenseless. Trusting. Sheep to be sure. That, in my mind, makes the diocese as culpable as their child-preying pedophilic priests
In 2008, Israel revoked the residency of 4,577 East Jerusalem Arabs - 21 times the average of the previous 40 years.
EU Palestine move enrages Israelis
College girl gets duped into having sex with shaman, only to realise she got conned a few months later. im ashame of my people...
Copenhagen climate change talks must fail, says top scientist - Worlds leading climate change expert says summit talks so flawed that deal would be a disaster
What to Do About Europes Secret Nuclear Weapons?
Israel stripped Palestinians of Jerusalem residency status last year at a faster rate than at any time in the history of the Jewish state
Monbiot: The Most Urgent Threat to World Peace is  Canada. The harm this country could do in the next two weeks will outweigh all the good it has done in a century
The Kosovars, Turks, and other Muslims can go home, feel accepted, and build as many minarets as they like. The Swiss on the other hand will eventually be dispossessed of their one and only homeland.
RBS board to quit if chancellor vetoes 1.5bn in bonuses. Winwin?
Oops, Italian police have crashed their most valuable patrol car, a 165,000-euro (150,000) Lamborghini.
Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard enraged by Schalit deal, urges PM to kill Hamas prisoners
An international view on Obamas speech at West Point: Never Before Has a Speech Felt So False 
Russia shifts stance on Iran, Ahmadinejad defiant
U.S. foreign policy to rescuing Muslims or trying to help free them from tyranny  in Bosnia, Darfur, Kuwait, Somalia, Lebanon, Kurdistan, post-earthquake Pakistan, post-tsunami Indonesia, Iraq and Afghanistan: a narrative that says America is dedicated to keeping Muslims down is thriving
Irans Ahmadinejad betrays Khomeinis promises and plans to phase out state subsidies for food and gas, thus producing an inflation rate of up to 60%. \n
Indonesia has banned the film Balibo, which depicts the deaths of six foreign journalists in East Timor
A Libyan court sentenced two Swiss businessmen to 16 months in prison for violation of residency laws, just two days after a vote in Switzerland to ban the construction of minarets sparked criticism in the Muslim world.
Islamist group claim Russian train bomb attack
The mayor of a Jewish settlement in the occupied West Bank has been arrested for disrupting police trying to stop unauthorised construction work saying they acted like animals
Climate change sceptics have been forced to change their own graph showing a decrease in global temperatures after admitting that they got it wrong
In Hong Kong and Taiwan, yesterdays gruesome crime is todays digital cartoon.
Draw ignites FIFA World Cup fever
Dr David Kelly: Legal Action To Prove Weapons Expert Was Murdered
Why switzerland has the lowest crime rate in the world and why its the least likely to be taken over by a ruthless dictator.....the Sig SG 550!
Amanda Knox was found guilty of the Meredith Kercher murder and will spend 26 years in prison
At least 109 people have died following an explosion at a nightclub in the Russian city of Perm
Ottawa boy ordered to shut down his radio station - They said I need a licence, Saad said. I didn\t know. I said, \OK, I\ll apply for the licence but I can\t shut off the station.\
Canadian climate researchers targetted by hackers: break-ins at University of Victoria campus
Dubais burst bubble: A state-of-the-art metro train system opened in Sept at a cost of $7.6 billion. At 9.30am on a Thursday the station at Dubai airports cavernous Terminal 3 is empty. The train into the city, capable of carrying more than 640 people, has 21 on board 
Rupert Murdochs News Corp. cements ties with Saudi Arabian prince who is also involved with the Carlyle Group.
Doctors call for weapons experts untimely death to be reinvestigated
Fire in Russian nightclub kills 109. Video of the start of the blaze.
Amanda Knox Found Guilty
Pentagon emails ask if Canadians are bad guys
Rise in suicides in Saudi Arabia
Italys government rocked by accusations made in court by a Mafia hitman that Berlusconi had made commitments to Sicilys Cosa Nostra
Didnt the North Koreans already handle the China portion of this?
Massive protests in UK regarding climate change, trying to be heard at the summit in Copenhagen
Evidence points to cannibalism, human sacrifice at 7,000 yr. old site in Germany
Hanoi is turning into a corrupt executives vision of Orange County, CA - check out these photos of luxury cars on the streets in a country where GDP is just over $1000/per person for evidence
Saudi filmmakers persist in making movies where their work is often branded too racy or un-Islamic, and banned
Beast of Kandahar is acknowledge by the Air Force
IEEE Cover Story: Securing Power in the Gaza Strip,The Palestinian power plant has endured bombings, embargoes and blockades: Can it ever fully power Gazas grid?
Philippines under martial law after brutal massacre
Tens of thousands stage anti-Berlusconi protest in Rome
Saudi Arabia: Witchcraft and Sorcery Cases on the Rise | Human Rights Watch
Remember Tony Blair\s 45-minute WMD claim? He got it from a taxi driver
...the record industries could use songs as long as \r\nthey pinky swore they would get authorization and \r\npay the artist for it eventually. And yet individual \r\ndownloaders are sued for millions of dollars.
The US cash behind Israeli extremist settlers: IRS records identified 28 US charitable groups that made a total of $33.4m in tax-exempt contributions
Thieves in Brazil have stolen more than $6m while everybody watched a soccer game
Car bombs cause carnage in Baghdad: at least 101 killed and 182 wounded
Copenhagen climate conference in disarray following leak of document that would effectively mean screw you 3rd world
Has Anyone Read the Copenhagen Agreement?  The aim is to give a new as yet unnamed U.N. body the power to directly intervene in the financial, economic, tax and environmental affairs of all the nations that sign the Copenhagen treaty.
EU proposes two-capital Jerusalem
83% of Mexicans support using the Mexican army to fight drug traffickers; only 30% want U.S. forces deployed to Mexico to fight drug traffickers.
Hacked email climate scientists receive death threats
Four car bombs exploded in Baghdad in quick succession, killing at least 101 and 182 injured
$100,000 dinosaur robot stolen from Mexico exhibition
Judge accuses 3 Pinochet associates of poisoning former Chilean president Eduardo Frei with low doses of mustard gas and thallium. 
Afghanistans president has warned that it will take 15 years before it is able to pay for the costs of maintaining its own security forces
Mongolians Damages Great Wall of China
Afghanistan unable to pay for own troops for 15 years
This is number 1,789, or thereabouts, in my long running series, What the hell is going on in this country?
Israels justice minister starts process of Talibanization: Religious Law Must Become Binding, the Torah contains a complete solution to all the things we are dealing with
Fundamentalists block entire Paris streets by praying, preventing the inhabitants of the area from going out or returning to their homes, the shopkeepers from working, and ordinary citizens from circulating normally.
Karzai Says Afghan Army Will Need Help Until 2024.
Series of coordinated attacks  including three car-rigged bombs striking near government sites  killing 112 people and wounding 197 in Baghdad.
The International Court of Justice (ICJ) is holding hearings examining whether Kosovos declaration of independence was legal, with Russia and the U.S. arguing from opposite sides of the table.
A Chinese woman managed to enter Japan illegally by having plastic surgery to alter her fingerprints, thus fooling immigration controls, police claim.
Uganda: Cholera, Yellow Fever, Ebola, Plague On the Rise
Afghan Drug Lords and Corrupt Officials Smuggling Millions To Dubai
Chinas empty city, built for no reason other than to maintain an 8% growth rate! Madness! [VID]
Russia confirmed that it was one of their missiles that was observed over northern Norway yesterday, launched from a nuclear submarine and built to carry nuclear warheads
Swedish Pirate Party Proposes Internet Bill of Rights in the European Parliament and wants your suggestions
Please let the world know: Supreme Court maintains censorship of the press in Brazil
More girls in India are refusing to become child brides -Despite a 2006 law banning the age-old practice, most parents in rural India still want to marry off their daughters before the legal age of 18.
Scotland to abolish Double Jeopardy rules.
Egypt building underground metal wall to curb smuggling into Gaza
What really matters is not minarets, but that we all, Muslims included, commit to the essentials of a free society
Greece: Riot police that gave elderly woman brain injuries visits her at hospital, says it was accident. After beating her, he had also attacked doctor who tried to give her first aid.
Norwegian fisherman says he was nearly hit by the Russian fail-missile while at sea
UKs richest man could make more than 1bn from carbon trading scheme
Venezuela: workers have now taken over the [rice packaging] company and made it 100% operative...  they showed that they dont need a capitalist manager to advance in the production of food
Afghanis are not exactly in agreement with the Nobel Committe and with Obama that he is the person deserving a Nobel Peace Prize.  Here are a few comments from Afghanistan...
Pakistani police: 5 Americans have al-Qaida link
Somali bomber was from Denmark
Report: Nigerian police killing civilians
Brazil police kill 11,000 in six years
U.K. government urges businesses: Label products from settlements 
Old news, but worth the read: Rios drug wars by The Guardian.
Despite the growth in world food production, fears of a food crisis remain very high because population growth has outstripped food production in the poorer half of the world population.
India to form new southern state
Britain taxes bank bonuses
Britain cut out of key decisions on Iraq says MI6 chief 
Copenhagen Summit: developing nations warn of failure without US reverse
Membership for the Balkans: Brussels Paves Way for Next EU Expansion 
Israeli minister has announced there will be 10,000 new settlers in the occupied West Bank over the next 10 months
A man who was jailed for rape after going to the aid of a drunken teenager in Edinburgh has been declared a victim of a miscarriage of justice
Jewish settlers are suspected of being behind an attack on a mosque in the north of the occupied West Bank.
Uganda just doesn\t understand human rights: This \r\nwhole concept of human rights grates my nerves. It \r\nhas made people un-african, mean and self-\r\ncentered. One can now shamelessly stand up and \r\ntell you: I do as I please. You have no business in \r\nmy affairs.
 Argentina might become the first Latin American country to legalize gay marriage
UK food labels are set to distinguish between goods from Palestinians in the occupied territories and produce from Israeli settlements
From snapshot to Special Branch: how my camera made me a terror suspect
Is the Chinese government secretly buying hundreds of thousands of cars and parking them somewhere? While auto sales are strong in China, gasoline sales are flat. 
Furious over a confiscatory currency reform, citizens of the world\s most repressive state have begun publicly criticizing their government
Congolese government soldiers, who had been supplied with ammunition and food by United Nations peacekeepers, killed hundreds of civilians, gang-raped girls and even cut the heads off some young men.
New state in India
Japans 9/11 Victims to Press for Criminal Investigation of 9/11\n
UK and US talked of toppling Saddam in 2001
Dutch man reports theft of ecstasy pill collection
Turkeys top court has closed the only pro-Kurdish party in parliament for having links to PKK Kurdish rebels. The EU had warned that banning the party would violate Kurdish rights and might jeopardize Turkeys bid for membership.
A poor boy in Africa drops out of school due to poverty. Builds a windmill at age 14. Garners international attention.
Britains libel laws under attack
Woman faces witchcraft charge in fraud case (in Canada!)
US judge declares Swiss banker, lawyer fugitives, both accused of helping rich Americans evade taxes by hiding assets in Swiss banks
Iranian state media attempts to humiliate jailed student activist by releasing picture of him wearing a female headscarf
Cairo is covertly constructing an underground steel barrier along the 13km-border with Gaza to cut smuggling into the Strip
Swiss businessman has built a muslim minaret on his company building in protest of his fellow citizens recent referendum decision to ban minarets
North Korea agrees nuclear co-operation with US
US Marines train Afghan new police: illiterate young farmers with no formal training who had been plucked off the streets only weeks before
Innocent Guantnamo Torture Victim Fouad al-Rabiah Is Released In Kuwait (But the worst part about this story is that the mainstream media has buried it.)
If you buy into the Many Worlds Intepretation of quantum physics, there must be a parallel universe in which I crossed the US/Canada border ... In that other timeline I was not punched in the face, pepper-sprayed, shit-kicked, handcuffed, thrown wet and half-naked into a holding cell ...
Official: The remains of Adolf Hitler were burned in 1970 by Soviet KGB agents and thrown into a river in Germany
Tony Blair admits: I would have invaded Iraq \r\nanyway
Dr Peter Watts, Canadian science fiction writer, beaten and arrested at US border
Swiss shoe-shop owner builds mock minaret to defy ban
While theyre trying to pass a law making it legal to kill gays, Uganda has passed another law banning female circumcision...
Blair: Iraq War was right even if there were no WMDs
For those of you who dont know: Sudan is still fucked
Free speech? Not in Canada... At the Winter Olympics in February officials will be patrolling city streets and venues, scouring for anythingpeople, protests, postersdeemed anti-Olympics in order to protect the Olympic message 
Why I believe Blair should stand trial - and even face charges for war crimes, by General Sir Michael Rose.
On Dec. 1, two British High Court judges, Lord Justice Laws and Mr. Justice Owen, dealt what looked like the final blows to the British governments policies of imprisoning terror suspects without charge or trial on the basis of secret evidence 
BBC report on US marines operation Angry Cobra in Afghanistan. Strangely reminiscent of reports from Vietnam
The Considerate Taliban - 12 news reports of separate air strike incidents since the start of the year in which the number of Taliban or insurgent casualties was reported to be 30, in most cases citing US military officials.... Not 29, not 31.... Thirty.
US Iraq jail an al-Qaeda school
Iranian men don hijabs in protest at students arrest
Copenhagen climate summit issue that no one dares to talk about.
Turkeys political elite is obsessed with joining the European Union. But senior players in the EU  in a rare moment of clarity amid their delusional fantasies of a federal Europe  are reluctant to let in a country which is increasingly hard to distinguish from the rest of the Islamic world.
Iraq awards international companies\nwith contracts to develop 10 of its oilfields.  See how it stacked up.
Journalist threated by UN Police and People who dont want Climate-gate questioned.
British toff Lord Monckton confronts climate change Hitler Youth.  
Officially sanctioned Islamic sharia court to be established in Wales -- The principle of one law for all is now dead
Man jailed over Baby P death attacked in prison
FARC guerrilla leader Ivan Marquez has an office in Caracas, Venezuela according to Ecuadors Truth and Transparency Commission.
Pieces of old Paris, from lamp post to 40 iron steps from Eiffel Tower going on auction block
Tony Blair attacked over Iraq war justification
US oil tycoons think they are entitled to Iraqs oil fields, assume invasion was launched on their behalf.
Israeli newspaper: Extremist Israeli rabbi who excuses killing non-Jewish babies is being funded by US tax dollars.
Amnesty International called on Saudi Arabia on Monday to stay a sentence of 40 lashes against a 75-year-old woman for breaching a sex segregation law. She was in the company of two men who were not close relatives. The men are also to be flogged. 
Girl, 15, sentenced to eight years over bullying death of Rosimeiri Boxall 
Italian student tells of arrest while filming for fun (big brother nanny state)
China bans individual web domain names and has launched a review of millions of existing personal websites in the toughest government censorship drive so far on the internet
We can forgive our long dead ancestors for starting this war, but we can in no way forgive those who press for its continuation. (a quote from an excellent site) 
Never mind Copenhagen, an environmental catastrophe is going on right now  contaminated water is poisoning babies in Gaza
Angry settlers beat and seriously injured a female Israeli police officer Tuesday, police said, as she tried to enforce a government ban on new housing construction in Jewish West Bank settlements.
Simon Singh,The noted science writer considers his forthcoming libel action and the campaign to reform Englands libel laws
50,000 Residents flee as Philippines volcano threatens to erupt
Israel fury over British war crimes warrant for Tzipi Livni 
Queen of Englands husband mocks man blinded in bomb attack
UK ponders law change after Tzipi Livni arrest warrant
Green light for internet filter plans.  ISP level internet censorship plan for Australia.  Material to be censored determined by conservative-christian lobby group.  
Fidel Castro says US on offensive
yikes... what a vile piece of drum-beating propaganda in a major newspaper. World War Three coming?
Bangladesh government to encourage single-child families
The Deaths of Two young Kashmiri women has ignited violent protests. One side says they were raped and murdered. The police say they drowned in ankle deep water.  
Another Mexican reporter seeks asylum in U.S. after getting death threats
Sarkozy fights Google over classic books
Kim Jong Il: Concerned citizens want the notorious leader of North Korea tried at the ICC.
13-yr-old Simpokolwe: My stepfather ordered me to quit school and get married to a 77-year-old man because he said I was too old for standard four. I refused, and told him I wanted to continue with my education. 
Anti-leak guide gets leaked on to the internet, they \r\nsaid it was unleakable
US to expand drone attacks into Pakistani cities
Prague TV Tower - Worlds Largest Spherical \r\nPanorama (18 Gigapixel!!) + MegaZoom
Identifying Israel as a racist, warmongering apartheid state is no longer a radical view, shared mainly by anti-Semites and Arab lovers - it has become the mainstream opinion.
Portugal has drawn up a proposal to allow gay marriage
Copenhagen fails! No binding agreement. No Emission Reduction Targets. Sigh :-(
Vancouver goes Draconian over Olympics
Thieves steal Auschwitz\s Work Sets You Free sign
Israel gets billions in aid, again. How about  some Never Again!?
Bones of Medieval women found in a village abandoned in 1400s during the Black Death prove the legends of large, well muscled women from there to be true.
Irans hard-line judiciary acknowledged for the first time Saturday that at least three prisoners detained after Junes disputed presidential election were beaten to death by their jailers
Colombia to build new military base on Venezuelan border
Israeli doctors give sight to blind Gaza baby\n
Palestinians fire on Egyptians building tunnel barrier on Gaza border
The Palestinians were not the ones who slaughtered the Jews of Eastern Europe, yet they are the ones being slaughtered today by the Zionists. The FACT that this is denied by so many people is  sickening. 
Thousands of international solidarity activists will take part in the Gaza Freedom March to end Israel\s blockade
Four Eurostar trains stuck in Channel tunnel
Iran acknowledges prisoners were beaten to death 
Israelis move to seize a beautiful building built by a Palestinian entrepreneur and given to the custody of the Belgian government when he and his family fled Jerusalem in fear for their lives.
Trains stuck in Channel:  Four trains have broken down in the Channel Tunnel due to cold weather, as snow is expected to cause further disruption in parts of Britain.
Smugglers along the border of Egypt and the Gaza Strip will continue moving goods through tunnels despite the recent construction of an underground wall.
Bolivia seizes land from owner of opposition TV network
Nigeria rebels attack oil pipeline, putting a two-month truce with the government in doubt
Beate Arnestad, director of the documentary film, My daughter the terrorist, in an interview with CNN. The film follows 2 young, Catholic female LTTE fighters and the final end of the war. One point they would manicure their nails,- same time polishing the weapons.
London damaged by bonus tax, Barclays chief meows
Rwanda - Population Growth Raises Concerns
The Ugly Canadian\n\nThe deep well of affection and respect around the world that Canada has drawn on for decades has been slowly poisoned by the Harper government
Laura Dekker, a 13 year old girl who ran away from her Dutch home because Dutch courts would not let her sail around the world has been found in the Caribbean
This is why Zionism is racism Jerusalem Mayor Barkat has rejected the recommendation of professionals for a well-baby clinic for  some 100,000 Arabic-speaking residents but the 7,000 Israelis will receive the baby clinic 
Mexico City becomes the first city in Latin America to legalize same-sex marriage
Secret neo-Nazi documents published: 11 membership lists about to go online (Wikileaks asking for volunteers with database skills to be able to expand fields and dumping to text)
BBC News - Iranian crowd stops execution and frees convicts
Israel to seek another 1b euros Holocaust in reparations from Germany (The gift that keeps giving...)
[Priest] said his advice did not contradict the Bibles eighth commandment, not to steal, saying Gods love for the poor and despised outweighed the property rights of the rich.
State Terrorists dilemma, the woman is a Mossad agent accompanied by a guard assigned, not for her safety but to keep her mouth shut on horrific state secrets  
d.bags in Reuters, AFP, AP and CNN, here are the torture stories you are avoiding in Egypt
The British army subjected prisoners in Northern Ireland to waterboarding during interrogations in the 1970s
Mexico City became the first capital in Catholic, often macho Latin America to allow same-sex marriage on Monday when city legislators passed a law giving gay couples full marriage rights.
 Serbia to apply for EU membership  
Canadian Mints missing $15 million blamed on accounting errors; Mint changes accounting methods after shady investigation
Facebook fuelling divorce, research claims - Telegraph
What isnt widely reported is that Cambodia has now received $1.2bil. in aid for returning the Uyghur asylum seekers
If you dont know much about relations between Russia and Chechnya, nows a good time to learn. 
Gunmen kill family of Mexican drug war hero  
Sabotage cuts Iraqi oil pipeline
Egyptian bloggers expose police abuse and torture
Chinese villagers jailed for hunting, eating tiger
Pakistani court sentences two men to have their noses and ears cut off
World failed Gaza over Israeli blockade according to aid groups
US warns Japan over relocation of Futenma airbase
Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi is fired as head of Irans Arts Institution, his only public post.
Mexico City allows gay marriage with landmark law
How do I know China wrecked the Copenhagen deal? I was in the room.
RCMP conduct training exercise on private property without consent, shoot and kill family dog. 
Israel plans to demolish 900 Palestinian houses in Jerusalem to built settlements
In Germany, a Disturbing Rise of Extreme Right-Wing Violence: Politically and racially motivated crimes by the far right hit a record high of more than 20,000
Jane was raped by a U.S. Navy sailor in 2002 in Japan: I feel that the courts of Japan have made a mockery of rape victims ...moreover rapists will be able to roam free as they have in my own case, ready to rape again, until true justice rings through the air. 
The family of a marine involved in taking down a Mexican drugs cartel leader have been massacred in a revenge attack.
The 13-metre (43-ft) high billy goat has been torched 24 times since it was first erected in Gavle in 1966. 
Palestinian President: Peace talks possible only when Israel stops settlements
Israeli newspaper: What Israel fears most is a Palestinian popular struggle for equal rights.  Over the past few months, the efforts to suppress the struggle have increased.
British were waterboarding prisoners in Northern Ireland in 1970s
Hundreds of protesters, led by born-again clerics, \r\ncultural leaders, and university undergraduates, \r\ndemonstrate in the Ugandan capital in support of a \r\nlaw to kill gay people for being gay
Report says 225,000 Haiti children work as slaves.
Lithuanian stable used for CIA interrogations
More Clashes reported in Iran
Russia and the United States tend to view Ukraine as a key battleground in a cosmic proxy war between East and West. Both have a bad habit of trying to pick winners in Ukrainian politics. These interventions, nave in their own ways, tend to backfire, often at Ukraines expense.
Canadian court orders woman to turn over Facebook history to assess her capacity for work 
Philip Weiss on organ thefts: I say its further evidence of this great challenge in Jewish history, learning respect for the other
What is dangerous about a popular struggle is that it is impossible to label it as terror and then use that as an excuse to strengthen the regime of privileges, as Israel has done for the past 20 years.
Pakistans transvestites to get distinct gender to ensure their rights
Christian caught with 5m cocaine haul claims he thought the coke parcels were bibles
Revenge in Drug War Chills Mexico
 Sodano explained that the case, a class action to make the Vatican accountable for child sexual abuse by priests in the US, was a violation of the internationally recognised principle of sovereign immunity.
Iran comes out on top in secret simulated war games 
A bomb killed two men and damaged a historic church in a northern Iraqi city on Wednesday, one day ahead of Christmas Eve services that will be heavily guarded for fear of more attacks on the countrys Christian minority
The first female freedom fighter in the Arab world, Jamila, she fought the French occupation, tortured by them , helped liberate Algeria, now abandoned and penniless 
Police enter a private backyard without permission for police dog training, shoot and kill the property owners dog when it defends its territory
Incredible Article On The Man Who Shot The Romanian Dictator Ceasescu And His Wife 20 Years Ago: The verdict was read out after a few hours. The Ceausescus were sentenced to death. They had ten days to appeal, but the sentence was to be carried out immediately. A nod to Kafka.
Racial pecking order of UAE displayed in a car advertisement
Unlearned lessons of the Soviet invasion - The U.S., like the Soviet Union, is learning the hard way on Afghanistan.
Irans central bank has said defaced banknotes are to be made invalid, after the appearance of opposition slogans on money, local media report.
200 Israeli teenagers have pledged to disobey any orders to evacuate settlements during their military service: Jewish law as written in the Torah forbids the dismantling of Jewish-built homes
Barcelona: People using the street as a toilet, taking drugs, having sex...Residents take pictures and send them to the mayor to protests. Happy Christmas!
Who was Grand Ayatollah Hosein Ali Montazeri and how did he come to realize that the theocracy he helped build for Iranians was ultimately unlivable?
Ugandan official on gays: Killing them might not be helpful; life imprisonment would be better.
Outrage at Mexico drug gang reprisal killings
Russia will work on a new generation of atomic weapons and missiles to strengthen its nuclear deterrent says President Medvedev
Bangladesh - The population bomb is ticking
Member of Israels parliament says the regime still continues to steal organs from the bodies of Palestinians
Israel threatens another large-scale Gaza war
European Friends of Israel sues Hamas for war crimes in Belgium
Osama bin Ladens daughter found hiding in Saudi Embassy in Tehran
Cuba lets cardinal give X-mas message on state TV
Store opens adults-only Santas Grotto
France once home to the Atlantic Sturgeon:  This discovery is of major importance for the reintroduction of sturgeons into European rivers
Loan wolf? Prizewinning photographer faces fakery \r\nclaims
Peru forensic team finds bodies of 25 children killed in Ayacucho during internal war
Russia and Georgia have agreed to reopen a border crossing that has been closed since July 2006.
Christians Leaders United for War: The tyrannical Iranian regime shall never threaten the world with nuclear weapons
I don\t want to get married again until after I am dead. 
How health and safety is killing Christmas. no ... not a joke post. 
Woman knocks down Pope Benedict at Christmas Mass.
Ugandan President Museveni says he will block the anti-gay bill from becoming law.
Venezuelas Chavez threatens to kick out carmakers unless they share their technology with local businesses
Woman who knocked down pope had pasta in her pocket - PASTAFARIAN?!
450 people from 21 countries, including 30 from the USA, have traveled for 3 weeks all the way from London to Jordan in a 210 vehicle convoy loaded with humanitarian relief supplies for the people imprisoned in Gaza.
Chvez declares Angel Falls is no more: World\s tallest waterfall gets new name, Kerepakupai-Mer, which in indigenous Pemon language means waterfall of the deepest place.\n
Drug tests catch out 10 police (UK)
Once the worlds fourth-largest lake, the Aral Sea has almost disappeared altogether -- thanks to a grand Soviet public works project that diverted the water into the desert to grow crops
Cool Saudi Feminist calls for womans right to have 4 husbands, male dominated Saudi sent her flowers, Oops I mean death threats
According to satellite surveys, as much as 80 percent of former prime land lies uncultivated. 
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has vowed to defeat the organised crime in the country by 2013.
Dont blame the system for winter travel chaos. Stay put.
Christmas Eve around the world included the Pope \r\nbeing pushed at Mass; an Israeli man being shot \r\nand killed in the West Bank; and the killing of at \r\nleast 26 people across Iraq
Pope knocked down before Xmas mass
The solar salesman who put his cow on the market to bring power to the people in Africa
Pig farts spark Australia gas scare - I shit you not reddit
Bin Laden daughter flees to Saudi embassy in Iran 
Traumatic Brain Injuries:  Growing evidence shows that Progesterone should be considered as an optional treatment
The Pakistan Supreme Court has ordered the Pakistan Government to recognize transgendered, intersex, and Eunuch\s as a distinct gender from male and female.
Heres a video the Taliban released this morning of an American soldier they captured 5 months ago. Hes 23 and a prisoner on Christmas.
Fireworks set off aboard airliner
Five VA men may face terrorism charges, Pakistan police say
Ayatollah Montazeris Legacy:  In death he may have become the inspiration for the most significant opposition the regime has faced since the 1979 Islamic Revolution
It is a fact that a woman born in South Africa has a greater chance of being raped, than learning how to read.
Israel planning to build 700 new houses in East Jerusalem, going back on their word and disrupting the peace. 
U.S. Intelligence Found Iran Nuke Document Was Forged
Britain has been given a warning by Iran\s foreign minister that it will receive a punch on the mouth if it does not stop the nonsense.
NOAM CHOMSKY: Gaza: One Year Later: You [Palestinians] shall continue to live like dogs, and whoever wishes may leave, and we will see where this process leads.  Moshe Dayan
No significant slowing in population growth. Humanity has been consistently gaining more than 79 million people (almost another Germany) each year since 1999.
The story you wont see on the front page of Reddit: A Holocaust survivor joins a hunger strike supporting Gaza
Chinas executes mentally ill British man. I really thought theyd back down...
Published Document States Khamenei Is Planning to Escape to Russia - looks like the final play is beginning
U.S. airstrike kills 10 Afghan civilians, 8 schoolboys, amidst controversy: he said / she said- Karzai slams U.S. and NATO forces refute charges
One Year Later, Palestinians Live in Rubble While Israel Blocks Aid (with US support)
I guess we are all going to have to remove our underwear along with our shoes!
Putin: Russia needs to develop offensive strike systems to preserve strategic balance with the United States, without producing its own missile defense.
Colombia is preparing to attack Venezuela in an\noperation that will be made to look like its objective is a base of\nColombian guerrillas, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said.
Police arrest nuclear whistleblower - Vanunu the Guy Who Told All about Israels Nukes!
Keep up with the latest events in Iran here.
After massive protests shook Iran this past summer, Iran singled out Gene Sharp, an obscure American political scientist in his 80s as a key figure behind the unrest. Since the early 1970s, his work has served as the template for taking on authoritarian regimes from Burma to Belgrade.
First gay marriage in Latin America occurs in \r\nArgentina. God promptly brings down his Wrath and \r\nsmites the entire continent. That last bit was not \r\ntrue.
Israeli police arrest nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu for allegedly breaking parole conditions.
Striking photos of the decade: An Australian perspective (well worth the watch)
Israeli op-ed compares compares settlement freeze to  1960s civil rights struggle; Palestinians still not people.
Two men in Malawi charged with gross public \r\nindecency, for getting engaged.
Iran arrests pro-reform opposition figures 
Israels Supreme Court has ruled that a major access highway to Jerusalem running through the occupied West Bank could no longer be closed to most Palestinian traffic. 
The Thai government has completed the deportation of more than 4,000 ethnic Hmong back to their homeland in neighbouring Laos.
Jerusalem Post asks the Taboo Question
King Stephen Harper shuts down Canadian Parliament, AGAIN. 
For seven years, Jennipher was forced to breastfeed the puppies of her husbands hunting dogs.
Several hundred people have joined demonstrations on the Israel-Gaza border to protest against the Israeli blockade of the territory. Keep it up!!
4 Reported Dead in Finland Mall Shooting
Hot debate over anti-homosexuality bill - Death penalty for gay sex is included in proposed Ugandan legislation
The Dutch government has said that it will commence using full-body scanners on flights to the US.
In most places, being a star means ranking top of the class, but in Iran it means your name appears on a list of students considered a threat by the intelligence ministry. It also means a partial or complete ban from education.
Afghan attacks kill 8 purported CIA employees, 5 Canadians 
Flashback - Yemen seizes Israel-linked cell
Man wrongly convicted of raping a 8yo boy freed after 35 years
Holy Crap!  Finally, a Catholic Official is ACTUALLY sentenced in court for his sex abuse crimes!  ...in Argentina
New fabricated intelligence claims Iranian has plans of importing purified uranium
Icelands parliament has approved a controversial payout of nearly $6bn to Britain and the Netherlands, which had compensated tens of thousands of savers who had money with a failed Icelandic bank.
Harper suspends parliament to dodge torture investigation and restructure senate. 
2007: Nazi attack puts anarchist in coma. 2008: Yuri Mishutkin attacked again by fascists who also assaulted him in past. Yuri fought back with knife, hit once. 1 attacker dies. Convicted of exceeding limits of self-defence. Ordered to pay family of attacker. Sentence overturned. New trial to come.
Japan: Agriculture must be rebuilt ahead of oils noble limits 
North Koreas New Years wish of seeing the destruction of a massive concrete wall dividing the Korean peninsula never seems to come true -- mostly because it doesnt exist.
Eight Americans killed by Afghanistan bomb were CIA agents\n
Four Canadian soldiers and one Canadian reporter killed and five injured in an IED strike - Straight from the source, with stock images of Soldiers.
North Korea calls for end to hostile relations with U.S.\n| Reuters
Canadian reporter and 4 soldiers killed in Afghanistan
Nigeria doctor impregnated girls and sold the babies
Sometimes it seems like nearly every woman in Cebu of child-bearing age is pregnant.
The heirs to Argentinas most powerful media empire have been ordered to take DNA tests that could establish whether they were part of a forced adoption scheme during the countrys darkest era. 
New airport scanners break child porn laws
Indian eye clinic founded by a single doc has treated 27 million patients, performed more than 3 million life-changing eye surgeries, for slightly more than the cost of a meal at McDonalds. (Video)
The president of Iceland refuses to sign a legislation to reimbuse nearly $5.7bn lost by British and Dutch savers in the failed Icelandic banks.
87% are illiterate, 1 in 3 experience physical, psychological or sexual violence, 44 yrs is the average life expectancy rate, 70 - 80% face forced marriages... Afghan women
Russia follows the EU in rejecting US poultry imports because of chlorine washing, and may not allow a current 30,000 tonne import into the country. Thats a lot of meat.
Teenager who killed his girlfriend by dousing her in petrol and setting her alight has been sentenced to at least 21 years behind bars
Sweden allows wolf hunting after 45 year because having 237 wolves in the entire nation is a few too many
BBC News staff photographer accosted by police for... taking a picture... of a sunset... at one of Londons biggest tourist attractions. Bloody cretins.
Another New Years Eve, another round of car torchings in France. And another wave of reader complaints that we dont brand these arsonists as Muslims. What echoes through these comments is the force of conviction without proof.
Why Are We So Blind to the True Horrors of War?
she was pinned down in a guava orchard and raped by a farmhand who wanted to cure her of her attraction to girls. She said that she was impregnated and infected with H.I.V., but that her grandmothers reaction was simply,  You are too stubborn. 
Canada Goes After Yes Men For Copenhagen Parody, Knocks Out 4500 Websites
Israel okays four new Jewish residences in East Jerusalem funded by an American millionaire.
Burma to hold first elections in 20 years, Burmese told by dictator to make correct choices. The last election was ruled invalid after the military overwhelmingly lost.
Shell is embroiled in major row with World Bank and green energy companies for refusing to honour warranties on solar power systems sold to Sri Lanka
Icelandic president refuses to sign bill approved by congress about paying back IceSave account holders in Britain and Holland. The bill will now be subject to a national vote.
Photographs of Afghan children - no matter where in the world, kids are just kids
Iran bans contact with foreign organisations, including the BBC 
Italy class-action suit planned against Microsoft seeking compensation for Windows software pre-installed on computers for people who did not want it.
CIA Blast Blamed on Double Agent It looks like an al Qaeda double agent... It\s very sophisticated for a terrorist group that\s supposedly on the run.
Russia has completed a new oil pipeline and port complex that sets Russia up to become a more powerful oil exporter than Saudi Arabia. The ramifications for Europe and Asia are profound: The shape of the global economyand the global balance of powerwill be altered forever.
Magazine Report Angers Politicians: Did the CIA Plot to Kill German Citizen?
Gulf countries face water shortages. The regions rapid population growth and accelerated socio-economic development have increases water demands from less than 5 billion cubic metres in 1970 to more than 32 in 2005.
Bolivia refuses to be U.S. slave: VP\n
Even Al Jazeera Sees It Coming
Three Americans go to Uganda and teach thousands (including police, national politicians, etc.) how gays and their agenda are trying to destroy Ugandan families and sodomize their children.  Result: a bill to impose a death sentence for homosexual behavior.
Soviet General, 1986: After seven years in Afghanistan there is not one square kilometre left untouched by the boot of a Soviet soldier. But as soon as they leave the place, the enemy returns and restores it all the way it used to be. We have lost this war.
Very quietly, China has become the worlds second-largest producer of scientific knowledge. If it continues at this awe-inspiring rate, China will overtake the US before 2020 and the world will look very different as a result
Investor who made huge fortune off predicting Enron crash now predicting Chinas bubble is about to burst
2,000 Egyptian riot policemen attacked and injured volunteers of the Viva Palestina aid convoy that were inside the port of Al Arish preparing to drive the convoy vehicles to Gaza to deliver medical and other humanitarian supplies
UK government plans to implement loophole to prevent people from being prosecuted for war crimes
France wants tax on Google. We are not going to be stripped of our heritage for the benefit of a big company, no matter how friendly, big or American it is.
EU website hacked. Spanish presidents photo with replaced with one of Mr. Bean.
UN concludes video showing Sri Lankan soldiers apparently executing naked Tamils appears to be authentic.
KFC accused of racism over Australian advertisement, a case of American cultural insularity - They have a tendency to think that their history is more important than that of other countries.
Afghan war kills three children a day
A church was set on fire in Malaysia early Friday by unidentified attackers amid a growing conflict in the country over the use of the word Allah by non-Muslims
Google is a very useful and powerful search engine but do You know how much information that You give away when You make use of it?
Over 1 billion people do not have access to safe, clean drinking water.
Denmark politicians demand more stringent immigration rules after cartoonist attack... in a country that already has one of the strictest immigration policies in Western Europe!
Iran to try 5 people  in connection with riots on the charge of moharebeh - an Islamic term meaning warring against God - which carries the death sentence
A BBC investigation has cast doubt on key evidence in the case against the Libyan convicted of blowing up a US jet over the Scottish town of Lockerbie in 1988.
Canadian Transport Minister John Baird confirms that Ottawa ordered airline body scanners months ago
Burmese whistle-blowers sentenced to death
Ending the culture of female genital mutilation
1970s-style rationing as UK National Grid cuts off gas to factories 
Sudan on the brink of another civil war
Palestinian Christian groups are boycotting celebrations of Orthodox Christmas in Bethlehem, accusing their Church of selling land to Israelis.
Attack on Coptic Christians in Egypt Leaves 7 Dead
The conspiracy theory presented in a documentary made for Iranian TV suggests that Ms. Agha-Soltan first sprayed fake blood on her own face, while pretending to have been shot, and then was later killed by the two men who seemed to be trying to save her life.
23-year-old British woman on holiday in Dubai told police she had been raped, only to be arrested herself for having illegal sexual intercourse
Portugals parliament approves same-sex marriage
I think youre trying to seduce me Mrs. Robinson.  Ireland rocked by scandal as First Ministers 58 year old wife is caught in an affair with her 19 year old lover.  
No taxes, no customs duties, no government patents, no government copyrights: a secessionist area within the Ivory Coast is flourishing, and the UN, the BBC, and bureaucrats find this astounding
French man earns bravery medal for diving into an icy river and saving a pregnant woman who was trapped inside a crashed car in northeastern France.
Costa Rica is one of the very few countries to have abolished its army, and its also the happiest nation on earth
Norway Time Hole Leak Plunges Northern Hemisphere Into Chaos | Pakistan Daily (Did someone forget to take their pills this morning?)
Study: Bankers worth less to economy than Hospital Cleaners
Attacks after Malaysian court rules Christians can call their God Allah
Video footage allegedly showing Sri Lankan troops executing Tamil Tiger rebels last year is authentic, a UN envoy has concluded. WARNING: very graphic footage!
Two former Blackwater guards charged with Afghan murder
And so the protest boat hit by the Japanese Whalers has sunk.  I hope someone gets in trouble.
Israel will pay US $10m in compensation for damage caused to United Nations buildings in Gaza during the assault a year ago
Canada no longer a haven for war resisters - Prime Minister Harper wants to send back 200 American asylum-seekers
Looks like chemical fingerprint of the bomb that killed seven CIA agents may match the kind produced by Pakistani intelligence...
United Nations peacekeeping forces last week discovered a large number of buried explosive devices in southern Lebanon about a kilometer from the border with Israel. 
Israel bombs Gaza again, three killed.
Europes Jobless Rate Unexpectedly Hits 11-Year High
Blackwater Settles Massacre Lawsuit by Paying Families of Dead Iraqis $100,000 Each. Blackwater says it is pleased with the outcome
I\m sure the hundreds of thousands of women who \flashed\ all their friends yesterday had the best of intentions. You know what I didn\t do? Think about breast cancer. That\s what this is mostly about: not cancer, but flirting.
Northern Irish fundamentalist Christian politician caught having an affair with a man 40 years her junior. After gaining him government favors and 50000
Its Cold in England. How different is 2010 from 1963?
China hit with $2.2 billion software piracy lawsuit
BBC News - Not guilty plea in Detroit plane bomb case
Chart showing deaths of Israelis and Palestinians since the second Intifada. Guess which one has born the brunt? 
Top Imams affiliated with the Islamic Supreme Council of Canada have issued a fatwa calling those terrorists who attack the United States and Canada evil.
Human sacrifices increase in Uganda; blood and body parts used in spell-casting to gain wealth
An Indian man is in a serious condition in hospital after being set on fire in the street in Melbourne early this morning.
Muslims and Christians set fire to each others homes and shops near the southern Egyptian town
Putin warns Russia is prepared to go on the weapons offensive.  In order to preserve a balance, while we arent planning to build a missile defence of our own, as its very expensive and its efficiency is not quite clear, we have to develop offensive strike systems.
A beauty pageant winner from Canadas east coast says she will join this years seal hunt after an anti-hunting group altered photos of her wearing sealskin.
Irans hardline president has ordered the formation of a team to study the damages the country suffered from the 1941 Allied invasion in order to demand compensation.
Yemen: the mood in Sanaa - Many worry they will be collateral damage in the next front of America\s war on terror
Politician who said homosexuality could be cured is under fire for getting her teenage lover a 50,000 pound loan. Her politican husband didnt disclose the loan. 
I caused a mass riot in India, leaving 185 people arrested so far, and about 100 business owned by Larry Summers oligarch-friends [Mukesh Ambani], smoldering in ruins. 
Israel launches air strikes in Gaza
CIA bomber shown vowing revenge
Canadians give thumbs up to full body scanners at airports
BBC - Were all Icelanders now
Three independent experts confirm authenticity of video footage which shows extra-judicial killings of bound and naked Tamil rebels by Sri Lankan troops. And a former army general states that the government ordered rebels to be killed and not allowed to surrender at the end of the war last year.
So this is what happens when you put a major sports tournament in Angola
Italy deployed extra police and evacuated migrants on Saturday from a southern town after residents violently attacked African farm workers protesting against their conditions.
Border oil dispute worsens fears about Irans influence over Iraqi government - washingtonpost.com
In an instance of shocking apathy, a sub-inspector of police, brutally attacked by a gang, bled to death, as his cry for help went in vain, even after two state ministers with their convoy stopped by and saw his plight.
Abdul Majeed Zandani, A Yemen religious leader, says the growing interest in activities in Yemen is part of a plot to occupy the country.  He also has a KICK ASS beard!!
Yesterdays news - Ady Gil collision from three views, including on the Ady Gil.
Two more arrested in suspected New York bomb \r\nplot (reuters)
China Is Now The Worlds Biggest New Car Market
Iran reformist Mehdi Karroubis car shot at
Greeces public debt: Cant afford to keep people as healthy as before, but can still afford 10,000 riot police to attack its own people.
Why would a former Guantanamo Bay prison guard track down two of his former captives - two British men - and agree to fly to London to meet them?
Barred from using lead in childrens jewelry because of its toxicity, some Chinese manufacturers have been substituting the more dangerous heavy metal cadmium in sparkling charm bracelets and shiny pendants.
Israelis use clever Catch-22 ruse to put thousands of Palestinians between a rock and a hard place, then destroy their homes and schools to make room for an Israeli Military training area in an occupied territory outside of Israels own border.
Michael Chertoff, Former Department of Homeland Security, is the head of the Chertoff Group, the lead cheerleader for what is being called the Full Body Scanner Lobby - Chertoff is also the spokesman for Rapiscan a body scanner manufacturer.
Italians fight back against surveillance society by publicizing the location of CCTV cameras  and to out those set up illegally
Stop-and-search powers ruled illegal by European court
UK Stop and search powers ruled illegal by \r\nEuropean court
Bolivian Government To Produce Coca Colla  Its The Real Thing From Coca Leaves
Avatar audience is being depressed because the Pandora world is unachievable.
Islam4UK to be banned, says UK Home secretary, takes effect this Thursday if parliament agrees
You might wonder why U.S. military drone strikes kill so many civilians.  It will all become clear, once you learn whom the CIA relies upon to identify targets...
Piracy isnt all bad. Kenya fishermen see the upside: more fish.
An investigation in the Netherlands has concluded that the Dutch governments support of the invasion of Iraq had no legal backing and did not fully inform parliament about its plans in the run-up to the conflict.
In Britain you can now be arrested for writing an email you did not write, because it contains a word that rhymes with another word that some official thinks is racist, but no one complained about. 
Israeli Prime Minister: we will never share Jerusalem with Palestinians
Iraq invasion violated international law: Dutch inquiry finds that invasion was not justified under UN resolutions
Annoyed about your bottle of water not being allowed on a plane? To this woman, it was a bottle of diabetes transplant cells.
Taliban may be descended from Jews
Christiane Amanpour does a shamefully bad job of holding Robert Mugabe to account for his actions.  Couldnt they have found someone familiar enough with the situation to answer his propaganda?  A pathetic interview.
Britain is criminalizing membership in Islam4UK, a radical Islamic group that has incited outrage by planning a protest march through the streets of a town made famous for its somber ceremonies honoring British soldiers killed in Afghanistan. 
Nigerias missing president: the country hasnt seen him for more than 50 days, leaving a leadership void
Iranian nuclear physicist killed in bombing. With love from Mossad.
Despite more than a dozen international conventions banning slavery in the past 150 years, there are more slaves today than at any point in human history.
H1N1-Gate: Big Pharma, WHO triggered organized panic, European health head claims.
China operates what is, by several measures, the world\s fastest rail line: WuGuang line trains clocked peak speeds of up to 394 kph, averaging  312kph in nonstop runs four times daily
Please go to www.redcross.org and donate at least $10 to help out the people of haiti. I know the reddit community can make a difference!
Haiti: how your donation could hurt - After every major disaster, misguided donations actually worsen the suffering
China gives first response to Google threat: Internet is open to business according to the law
Holy shit. We just saw a gigantic shark eat what looked like a person in front of our house, that shark was huge. Like dinosaur huge.
Researchers identify command servers behind Google attack
British cops videotaped sledding on their riot shields
Russia\s government has launched a crusade against alcohol abuse, describing it as a national disaster
US editor banned from entering Israel
Family shut out of their home by squatters who moved in over Christmas. Now risk becoming homeless because they cannot afford both the mortgage and rent for another property. Police tells them are racist for questioning the squatters right to live in Britain on benefits.
Israel is losing the media war to Al Jazeera 
Fleet of rogue jet aircraft regularly crisscrossing the Atlantic Ocean linked to Al Qaeda
Two men who showed no mercy to their own grandfather as they tortured him in south London have been jailed for life for his murder.
 Israel restricts Palestinian lawyers access to West Bank detainees
Haiti cursed by pact with devil says US evangelical broadcaster Pat Robertson
Pat Robertson Cites Haitis Earthquake As What Happens When You Swear A Pact To The Devil -true story...
Haiti: the land where children eat mud. This was *before* the earthquake.
BBC News - Should we be free to criticise serving soldiers?
Remember the Lawyer that recorded a video posted in youtube saying that the president of Guatemala was going to kill him and then was killed? International investigation finds that the murder was actually planned by himself. WTF
Partners in Health, a major nonprofit based in Haitis Central Plateau, is currently absorbing and providing care for much of the flow out of Port-au-Prince.  Here is their page on the situation.
University Prof Tim Lang forecasts a perfect storm as population growth, diminishing resources and climate change that will create shortages in food, water and energy.
Turkey warns Lebanon that Israel may be planning attack
Since zebras are too expensive to bring in to Gaza, the owner of a local zoo has painted his white donkeys, to the delight of local children.
A man who was trying to help a woman get back her stolen purse stabbed to death: Unbelievable: robbers killed a man for a handbag!
Pakistan is fast moving from being a water-stressed country to a water-scarce country, mainly due to its high population growth and water is becoming a key development issue.
Haiti scams are spreading: experts. (If you know of any, or have useful information for others, here might be a good place to post them)
It never ceases to amaze me that in times of amazing human suffering somebody says something that can be so utterly stupid, White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said about Pat Robertson\s Haiti Remarks
Researchers confirm that the Chinese goverment was behind the attack on Google. the government of China has been engaged for months in a massive campaign of industrial espionage against US companies.
Haiti 48 hours later - The Big Picture
Political Massacre of 57 people in the Philippines: He shot the victims as soon as they were brought to him. They were on their knees, crying and shouting for mercy. Those killed included 30 reporters and news media workers.  
David Nutt - the sacked drugs panel chief - start own Independent Scientific Committee on Drugs to rival governments own panel.
OiNK Admin Found Not Guilty, Walks Free
Naomi Klein: dont let the disaster capitalists exploit the Haiti disaster. Countries in periods of extreme crisis are desperate for any kind of aid and are not in a position to negotiate fairly the terms of that exchange.
Remember that woman warned by UK police for carrying a knife in her own home story? Guess what - its not quite as simple as that!
Chinese human rights activist, Feng Zhenghu, has been camping out, sleeping on a bench and surviving on handouts at the Narita International Airport in Japan since Nov. 4, 2009.
Haiti apocalypse: More doctors, fewer journalists man yelled angrily at a foreign media crew. Gunfire is echoing across the capital, as survivors endure a third night on the streets with little food, water or medical supplies
Google agrees to take down Encyclopedia Dramatica link to page about Aboriginals.
Canadians, donate money to help in Haiti and your government will match your contribution!
How Haiti, the most profitable French colony, became such a desperate and destitute country.
Arctic permafrost leaking methane at record levels, figures show
Finland aims to eliminate smoking
10 Satellite Photos of Haiti Before and After the Earthquake 
Clerics threaten to declare holy war if foreign troops land on Yemeni soil
Uganda president slows anti-gay bill - President Museveni urges caution on controversial bill, citing foreign policy
Japan Ends Naval Support for Afghan War
JP Morgans $9bn payout stokes bonus fury 
Revealed: The ghost fleet of the recession anchored just east of Singapore
Israeli travel to Turkey dropped 44% in 2009
Belgium beer dispute hits supply of Stella Artois
Ecuador: We are drawing up an inventory of all the unproductive private lands to distribute  around one and a half million hectares. This is why they are desperate to destabilise us so quickly. With an unequal distribution of income, price represents not the intensity of preference.
Mongolia to abolish the death penalty
Haiti Struck By Major Earthquake for 2nd Time in 8 Days
We\ve all seen and heard reports of complaints that Americans were not letting the aid in, and now I understand why.
The world does not welcome the White Houses Google -- China has signalled a change of approach to the Google crisis, with state media describing the companys threat to pull out of the country as a political conspiracy by the US government.
Air France may bar obese passengers from flights
Remember the guy who was jailed in the UK in December for hitting an intruder with a cricket bat? Hes been freed by appeal. 
Israel pushing aid groups out of Palestinian areas
FBI arrests 22, US, UK and Israeli weapons dealers in a massive sting operation
Palestinian President proposes that the Obama administration negotiate the final borders of a Palestinian state with Israel
How my father went from the prison of the shah to the prison of Khamenei. Right now, he is in solitary confinement in Evin prison in Tehran
Iraq war illegal, Tony Blair aide said: \nAide to British PM secretly warned Iraq war would be illegal in 2002.
One in a million: the girl in a tartan dress who symbolises the orphan crisis facing Haiti.
Two brothers, aged 10 and 12, tortured victims aged 9 and 11. Absolutely sick. [BBC News]
The NHS in England provides better value for money than elsewhere in the UK, a research groups study suggests.
Chinese Communist Party: The Dictactorship of Talent
Chinas Baidu sues U.S. company over cyber-attack
An MIT urban design expert explains why devastated cities are nearly always rebuilt  but why Haiti faces special challenges to reconstruction.
Toronto Hydro admits it cant control stray voltage, asks residents to tread carefully lest they or their children are stung by electricity coursing below city sidewalks... wtf?!
Mexico City to punish tweets on police checkpoints
6.1-magnitude earthquake hit Haiti Wednesday morning.
Irans political winds are shifting - Is the government on the verge of collapse?
Mother jailed for murdering brain-damaged son - this is fucked
The New York Times is to make frequent readers pay to view their content. I wonder how long that will last?
Olympic ski resort in Whistler seized by lenders!!!  To be auctioned off in the middle of the freakin Olympics!!
UNICEF warns against rushing to adopt Haitian children.
Something seems odd about the SEED Emergency Housing Shipping Containers for Haiti...
France considers banning the burqa
Turkeys prime minister: Israel Commits War Crimes. Israel Response: You are anti-Semite.
Airline passengers have no right to refuse naked \r\nbody scanners
Haitis head Voodoo priest question Church of Scientology operation
My cousin, who says that she is hungry and has been sleeping in bushes with dead bodies nearby, stops me. Dont cry, she says. Thats life. No, its not life, I say. Or it should not be. It is, she insists. Thats what it is. And life, like death, lasts only a little while.
Israel cracks down on NGO workers: Oxfam, Doctors Without Borders, Save the Children lose work permits
Canada is quickly turning into a police state! Suggesting that a pie in the face is terrorism is what\s intimidating!
US Television is reporting riots in Haiti. What they dont tell you is that their own camera crews started the riots.
China to jail people who eat dogs or cats
The Great Australian Internet Blackout
Markus Reinhardt, head of security for the Davos World Economic Forum which starts tomorrow has been found dead of an apparent suicide.
Italian official: The Americans are extraordinary, but when you are facing a situation in chaos they tend to confuse military intervention with emergency aid, which cannot be entrusted to the armed forces...it was pathetic
Japan May Rethink US Futenma Air Base After Election: Residents of the Japanese city of Nago, on Okinawa, chose a candidate opposed to the hosting of an American air base
Government ordered police to use all means, including force, to prevent demonstrators across Serbia that blocked roads and railway lines. Both police union of Serbia and Independent Union of Police, announced they will not respect this decision and will not fight the hungry workers
Fox News leaves false report on Haiti uncorrected |  Raw Story
Britain awaits Blairs Iraq testimony - London police brace for protests outside Chilcot commission.\n
British film-makers uncover Trajans hidden Roman aqueduct 
Venezuela - Thousands of students marched to protest the governments widely criticized suspension of a TV station opposed to President Hugo Chavez.
A Jew a Muslim and some Christians 
Trying to tame Tokyos adult playground
Ministry of Justice lists eco-activists alongside \r\nterrorists
Report: Al Qaeda Weapons of Mass Destruction Threat, Hype or Reality?
Just received this short press release from Christian Peacemaker Teams in the West Bank; doubt any news sources will pick up on it
Worst. Plan. Ever?: Britain and Japan have agreed to head an international fund, expected to total up to $500 million over the next five years, as part of a broad plan to help lure Taliban fighters away from the insurgency.
The new Miss England is an Iraqi war veteran who received a commendation for bravery when she disarmed an Iraqi insurgent. She is also very beautiful!. How did we end up with a Carrie Prejean
Howard Zinn, arguably one of the most important scholars of our time, is dead. 
Danish Bank wont invest in Israeli companies whos reportedly been involved in construction of Jewish settlements and the Apartheid Wall in the West Bank.
When is a terrorist not a terrorist? When hes a rabbi firebombing a mosque
[Video] Dr Finkelstein responds to crocodile tears of a zionist: If you had any heart in you, you would be crying for the Palestinians
Howard Zinn (RIP) &amp; Noam Chomsky discuss The Lord of the Rings One of the problems with the perspective offered by the Man-Elf coalition is that you have to try so hard to get at the truth of the conflict, at what is really going on; it\s so obscured by their propaganda and relentless militarism.
Haiti girl rescued after 15 days. I cant even go without reddit for 15 hours...
Watch all of Democracy Now!s excellent reports from Haiti. See what the main stream media isnt showing you.
Agriculture in much of India is dying. The village economy is in crisis, assailed by migration to the cities, decades of ecological neglect, and the growing unsustainability of farming. According to a recent report, almost 200,000 farmers committed suicide between 1997 and 2009.
Street vendors openly sell U.S.-donated rice by the cupful from bags marked not for resale.
Two former prisoners of Auschwitz are suing the \r\nBush family for their part in Hitlers rise to power
Israel Defence Minister says the conflict with Palestinians poses a greater threat to Israel than Irans nuclear program
The construction of a museum of tolerance in Jerusalem  on the site of an ancient Arab cemetery  has involved mass exhumations.
The way Britain is governed has gone wrong and is in urgent need of reform, a group of former Whitehall chiefs has warned
Haiti govt gets only 1 cent of every US aid dollar
North Korea fires artillery towards South for second day in a row. Doesnt this worry anyone?
Is google back in China? Wait... Goojje?
Hans Rosling: World development (TED)
India plans to launch its first manned space mission in 2016.
UKs migrant workers oppression, Dubai is heaven in comparison but the tabloids are British 
HRW claim Hamas DID target civilians in Gaza war
If I sign then that means I am selling my birthrights away.  Wape said later, the police came with their gun.\n
Sarkozy: US Dollar Should No Longer be Primary Reserve Currency
Traffickers targeting Haitis children, human organs, PM says
Low-slung teen fad switches to armpit huggers by fifth decade
Egypt\s poor turn to booze - Bouza is cheap and nasty, but popular alcohol frowned upon by the authorities
Internet uprising overturns Australian censorship law
Scientologists land in Haiti - screw everything up.
FBI and Pakistani police have tortured us. read a scrap of toilet paper tossed by one of the suspects from the window of the vehicle.
Afghanistan, one of the worlds poorest countries, is sitting on mineral and petroleum reserves worth an estimated one trillion dollars.
China warns Obama not to meet Dalai Lama
Twenty years ago today, FW de Klerk addressed South Africas Parliament  and stunned the world.
United Kingdom to block air travelers who refuse nude scan
Iran to hang nine more over election unrest 
What the hell is going on in Australia these days? -South Australias Attorney-General has defended tougher laws on political comment made on the internet. - ABC News 
As details from the Sept. 4 bombing in Kunduz, Afghanistan continue to emerge, it has become more apparent that German commanders both disregarded NATO rules of engagement and misled the US pilots who carried out the attack. One pilot says he would have refused to attack had he been told the truth.
McDonalds abroad outsources its food supply chains to private industry. Today, 20 years after the first McDonalds in Russia, private industry has taken over the last import ingredient: hamburger buns. McDonalds Russian hamburgers are now 100% Russian.
UN find challenges Israeli version of attack on civilian building in Gaza war
Russia Faces Neo-Nazi Threat: Countrys Extremists Killed 71 People Last Year
Berlusconi: Bring Israel into the EU
European Union must stop letting Israeli spies use its passports to carry out targeted assassination: Hamas
Israel slaps wrists of officers in charge of white phosphorous shelling of a Gaza UN compound, claims: The most important thing that... we have absolutely nothing to hide.  
Britains secret plan to oust Saddam Hussein drawn up two years before Iraq invasion
Why does the Catholic church think that being a paedophile preist is OK but being gay isnt. Pope Benedict attacks government over Equality Bill
Haitian parents that gave kids to U.S. Baptist missionaries arrested too: They promised schooling, soccer fields and even a swimming pool in a better place
Israel feels under siege. Like a victim. An underdog 
Naked man pursues Google
During the final months of the war between the Sri Lankan government and the LTTE, the government confined nearly 300,000 people in what the government called welfare camps in the north. Since early 2008 virtually all civilians fleeing the fighting had been confined in these camps.
An Indonesian man has been given compensation after a cigarette he was smoking exploded, taking out six teeth.
I interviewed John Lennon, and he was no ultra-left radical
Israel attack in flour mill confirmed by UN report: Carried out for the purpose of denying food to the civilian population in direct violation of the Geneva Convention and customary international law
Harvard student expelled from Israel because she had an essay on her computer hard drive that was sympathetic to Palestinians.
33 Haitian children returned to their parents after good christians try to kidnap them
This deserves nobel peace prize.. it has changed so many lives for the better...$28 Artificial limb..Wow..
AC/DC singer attacks Bono and Bob Geldof over charity lectures 
China cancels 80% of Iraq debt: 8.5-billion-dollar 
Riots in North Korea amid food shortages
The German government intends to purchase a CD containing information about tax evaders with Swiss bank accounts, even though members of the ruling coalition have warned against dealing with thieves. In its quest again tax cheats, Berlin is even prepared to risk a falling-out with Switzerland.
A foreign national who forced his French wife to wear the burqa is denied French citizenship
France to support bluefin tuna trade ban.
According to some you are trying to destroy Israel if you are a charity organization trying to help refugees
Tony Blair lied to parliament, his cabinet and public over Iraq war\n
Psychological trauma and its effects on the children of Gaza: 73% of Gaza children are still suffering from psychological and behavioral disorders, including psychological trauma, nightmares, involuntary urination, high blood pressure, and diabetes.
Iran just executed two demonstrators from the green movement, for protesting.  Yatollah Ahmad Jannati praised the head of Irans judiciary and called on him to hang more demonstrators.
Presence of foreigners is growing in South Korea, so are complicated reactions to them
Attacker throws animal semen over schoolgirls
South African Leader Criticized Over Birth of his 20th Child, the mother being a much-younger family friend and not one of his three wives.
Three US Marines are among at least 10 people killed in an attack near a girls school in Pakistan, 63 girls injured
China leads race to return to moon
Vaccine-Autism Study Is Retracted
 Iran has successfully launched a rocket carrying a mouse, turtle and worms into space for research purposes. The launch of the Kavoshgar-3, which is part of an ambitious Iranian space program that has worried Western powers who fear the technology could also deliver warheads.
UKs ANPR cameras: secretly placed and read the numberplate of every passing vehicle, with the data held for two years in the National ANPR Data Centre, regardless of whether the vehicle is linked to crime.
Search and Surveillance Bill before Parliament In New Zealand
The chance of another big earthquake in Haiti in the near future is great enough that people in Port-au-Prince should sleep in tents  not even in buildings that survived the Jan. 12 quake apparently unscathed, geologists said Monday
Iraqi Court overturns ban on hundreds of candidates for next months national election
Scientists unlock HIV Secret
 \t\n\nUgandas kill gays friends bill:  \nAnti-gay law worse than thought - Friends who dont rat out friends face death.
I wonder if the average working Irish citizen is aware that their ambassador is building a 24,000 sqft house in Canada.  
Secret summit of top bankers - Representatives from 24 central banks and monetary authorities including the US Federal Reserve and European Central Bank landed in Sydney to meet tomorrow at a secret location ...
Kim Jong-ils regime is even weirder and more despicable than you thought.
Germanys foreign minister, Guido Westerwelle, backed the idea of a permanent European army Saturday. 
Hamas backtracks on apology over harming civilians
President Evo Morales of Bolivia champions gender equality at the highest levels of government
Canadian Polygamist Leader Has 25 Wives, Cant Remember Names Of 121 Children
No wives for 24 Million Chinese Men
North Korea releases U.S. activist. North Korea claims that he changed his mind about North Korea after receiving kind treatment, showing \sincere repentance\.
New Russian military doctrine: More liberties in terms of use of nuclear weapons due to NATO increasing threat
Australias silence on death penalty - National angst over death sentences imposed by Indonesia on Aussie drug smugglers.
The miracle babies of Mexico City: 25 years later -- As survivors are pulled from Haiti\s rubble, a look at the fate of the newborns saved after Mexico City\s 1985 earthquake.
This is what people need to know about Somalia: In December 2006, neighboring Ethiopia invaded Somalia, with the tacit backing of the U.S. Their aim was to overthrow a nascent Islamist government, which managed to bring peace to much of Somalia for a six-month stint in 2006.
Video//\n\nHostesses hit back\nJapans hostesses are forming a union to tackle unscrupulous club managers and owners.   
Population Growth: the Challenge Australia Cannot Ignore\n
G7 nations pledge to cancel debts with quake-hit Haiti 
More than 100,000 march in support of Chavez in Venezuela
BAE admits guilt over corrupt arms deals
Recycling human waste in India (video).
Afghan police kill 7 boys collecting firewood
BAE Systems handed 286m criminal fines in UK and US
IRAN (Is Not The Problem) - Documentary
You cannot turn into Mr. Promises, who makes promises just to pull the wool over peoples eyes, to break into positions of power, and then goes about solving his own personal problems without thinking about fulfilling your promises. --Putin attempts to criticize his own party after protests.
What advocates of big Australia havent yet done is spelt out clearly the benefits from such a huge population increase.\n
Al Jazeera has obtained exclusive footage that appears to show Nigerian security forces ordering a number of people to lie in the road and then shooting them at close range. 
Drug-related violence is once again on the rise in Latin America. Former Brazilian President Fernando Henrique Cardoso, 78, told SPIEGEL that the drug war has failed and that it is time to try a new strategy: decriminalization.
They knew: The UK government has just lost their Court of Appeal case, and the judges have ruled that they must publish this incriminating information relating to the torture of a UK resident, so here it is (scroll down on page).
Austrian millionaire gives away fortune which made him miserable 
Operation Titstorm: Anonymous target internet censorship in Australia bringing down government servers
True Snowpocalypse: Worsening Crisis in Mongolia - Herd animal losses are mounting, now at over 1.85 million affecting some 180,000 families (720,000 people approximately).
Survey finds that 42% of Britons would emigrate if they could
British soldiers having fun in Spain: Diners said they were held by up to four men at a time while the others punched, kicked and threw tables and bottles at them.
On the playing field before them, about 60,000 people did wild synchronized-gymnastics routines. The 15 of us who made up the audience watched from a marble dais. We were the only spectators. Fifteen audience members for a 100,000-man extravaganza. - Vice Guide to North Korea.
Israeli warplanes have hit southern Gaza with missiles in response to rocket fire from Hamas, airport disused
Binyam Mohamed torture evidence must be revealed, judges rule - High court ruling compels British government to disclose what MI5 and MI6 knew of refugees treatment in Guantnamo Bay
Honda issues global airbags recall: defective airbags can overinflate and burst, spraying potentially deadly metal shards
This is about the war we made in Gaza, and what it did to Israel. This is about how Israels conduct of the war has done more damage to the Jewish state than all the thousands and thousands of Palestinian rockets and mortar shells put together
Irans Feb. 11 surprise
A generation in denial: Millions face retirement poverty because theyve remortgaged their homes and saved too little\n\n
From sabotaging loudspeakers to circumventing Internet firewalls, Jason Shamswho spent months fighting in the streets of Tehranreveals some of the underground machinery that fuels the protests.  -The Daily Beast
Terrifying ordeal for passengers stranded between floors after a lift broke as they were descending in the Burj Khalifa tower, the worlds tallest building
One misses the days when those working for peace and standing up for wars victims were merely pinko-commie queers. Now, theyre anti-Semites
Iran suspends gmail access for the nation
Today the British government lost its appeal - In 2002 a British subject by the name of Binyam Mohamed was arrested in Pakistan.  He is the man who claims he was tortured by a scalpel slicing his genitals
Helmand Vice: Majority of Afghan police fail British drug test
The pro-Russia Viktor Yanukovych has won Ukraines presidential election
Israels Answer to War Crimes? Better Marketing
Iran blocks Gmail permanently in favor of a state-run e-mail system.
Second stage of Haitis medical emergency has begun, with diarrheal illnesses, acute respiratory infections and malnutrition beginning to claim lives by the dozen
Indians are being urged to hand over a note worth zero rupees when asked for a bribe, in a bid to stamp out corruption among officials.
Saying that body scanners violate Islamic law, Muslim-American groups are supporting a fatwa  a religious ruling  that forbids Muslims from going through the scanners at airports.
Iraq asks France to return 895 million U. S. dollars for undelivered jet fighters that Saddam Hussein payed
The damage done to Israels image by allegations of Gaza war crimes in a UN report has ignited a war between the right and left in the Jewish state
Olympic luger dies after crashing
RIP Frisbee inventor guy - never had a patent and never got rich, but Wham-O voluntarily paid him a modest royalty.
Asked whether China\s treatment of dissidents might negatively affect its image overseas, Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu responded, \There are no dissidents in China.\
Iceland aims to become haven for investigative journalism.
The right-wing Canadian government doesn\t tolerate criticism of Israel: cuts $2.1 million in funding to NGO that suggested in a policy newspaper that there should be a one-state solution where both Israelis and Palestinians have equal rights.
Chilean mint issues coins with Chile spelled wrongly.  No one notices.
Plane seat safety tests faked - Discovered : After a company employee blew the whistle
China decries Barack Obamas plan to meet Dalai Lama
The 73-year-old had apparently been concerned about the frequent theft of potatoes from his farm. He was arrested after an intruder set off one of the tripwire-style mines in August and was injured in the blast. 
The torture memos show how illegal wars turn even the nicest people bad
Goldman Sachs suspected of foul play on Robin Hood Tax poll | The Guardian
Mud Volcano Was Man-Made, New Evidence Confirms
Journalists harassed while attempting to enter Canada from the United States to cover protests and other events related to the Olympic Games.
Dalai Lama: Blackballed from Thailand
Ahead of Olympics, Vancouver assaults civil liberties 
Yemen has announced a truce with northern Shiite rebels, aimed at ending a war that has raged on-and-off since 2004 and that drew in neighbouring Saudi Arabia. Here is some background about the rebels.
 \nPolice investigate claims Prince Andrew hit a police officer with his car while driving into Buckingham Palace
Angela Merkel, the German chancellor, mounted stiff resistance tonight to any swift bailout of Greece, as a rift opened up between European capitals over how best to tackle the risks posed to the euro.
Letting poor people vote is dangerous.
Britain faces fuel shortages and dearer food by 2015
China alarmed that the West - particularly the United States - is using e-cards and Twitter to weaken it militarily, create political dissent and to sow chaos.
Student is arrested for giving South African president\s motorcade the finger, and for swearing. Minister of Police says No individual is permitted to use foul language [or] swear. What the fuck, now we can\t swear at public figures?
Hamas military leader assassinated in Dubai by a group of professionals wearing disguises.
Dubai assassins stole identities of six UK citizens living in Israel
Israel makes life very hard for Palestinians, says ICRC
Israeli settlers disobey the order to stop building
Rocket strike that killed 12 Afghan civilians was not a rogue missile but hit its intended target, according to the British commander
Egyptian police seized more than three tonnes of explosives set to be smuggled into the Palestinian Gaza Strip
70 journalists were killed in 2009, making it the worst year since records began 30 years ago
Dubai Hamas assassination: a smiling killer and mystery of forged UK passports
Not satisfied with having screwed up the US economy Goldman Sachs branches out to screw up Greece too...
France used soldiers as guinea pigs in nuclear tests in the 1960s, deliberately exposing them to radiation from atomic blasts to test the effects.
Japans foreign minister says an anti-whaling activist being held onboard a Japanese whaling vessel in the Antarctic Ocean will be taken to Tokyo and will not be released to a third country.
Electric prod marks suggest Al-Mabhouh was tortured before he was assassinated. How unprofessional.
Argentina will take measures to stop British oil drilling off Falklands
Is Argentina looking for another Falkland conflict? 
Britons had passport stolen by Mossad death squad used to assassinate a Hamas leader in Dubai
Murder arrest over Ray Goslings BBC confession
Africas first high-speed train: South Africas new Gautrain to launch for World Cup 2010.
Russian S-300 delivery to Iran delayed  
UK ferry company allowed to carry on destroying marine life 
Obama Administration will not rule out attacking Iran over its decision to enrich uranium to 20 percent. Same as Bush.
British nationals named among suspects deny role in murder of Hamas official
Dubai Hamas assassination: how it was planned, according to the Telegraph
Israel smokescreens world community about the killing of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai: Israel never responds, never confirms and never denies, Mr. Lieberman said. There is no reason for Israel to change this policy.
Afghanistan Taliban using human shields, attempting to draw NATO fire to areas with high levels of civilians
Dude arrested for lighting a cigarette on the olympic torch
The community of ultra-Orthodox Jews in Israel is half a million strong and growing. They live in a parallel universe cut off from the modern world in tight-knit communities where everything revolves around religion. Only a few dare to abandon this life -- and the price for doing so is high.
Hired and armed by the CIA in the 1960s, the Hmong remain trapped in enemy jungle, forgotten by America and the world
What could have been another tragedy at Vancouver has turned into a dream of olympic glory for Slovenian XC skier Petra Majdi. She fell down a unprotected 9 foot drop during warm up, broke 4 ribs and pierced her lung - but then won bronze in agonizing pain.
IDF bans 45,000 Palestinians from using major road built on their land to please 150 settlers, High Court rules the IDF cannot do that, so the IDF caves in and allows Palestinians to use the road, except Palestinians are still banned from using the roads during Sabbath. Israel? Secular?
A N Korean woman\s account of what life is like in N Korea. She said, People in N Korea were merely breathing, they were not living.  
INTERPOL has issued Red Notices for 11 internationally-wanted individuals who have been charged by UAE authorities with co-ordinating and committing the murder of Hamas commander Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai.
George Will Mocks GOP Obsession With Sarah Palin - Sarah Palin...is not going to be president and will not be the Republican nominee unless the party wants to lose at least 44 states.
Swiss prostitutes armed with defibrillators
Dubai police call on Interpol to help arrest Mossad head - things are hotting up 
UK determined over Israeli secret service assassination row
In the US they are called the military industrial complex.  In Iran they are called Pasdaran.  Whatever name you call it, in whatever historic context, the results are always the same.
British government releases tons of UFO documents; 6,000 pages of sightings
British threat to Israel over Dubai Hamas assassination
India Worries as China Builds Ports in South Asia
Plane crashes into Northwest Austin office building, man was possibly targeting IRS
BT cotton is causing suicides to skyrocket in India.
Government Trojans, Orwellian Doublespeak and A Serious Threat to Internet Neutrality - The lower house of the French parliament has approved a draft bill that will allow the state unprecedented control over the Internet
More than two dozen words are banned for non-Muslims by a law that ostensibly seeks to prevent them from trying to convert Malaysias Muslims. But in a country where religion and ethnic politics intertwine, many people see the issue as a reflection of the countrys persistent political turmoil.
Saudi royal held over aides murder in London hotel
Haiti restavek tradition called child slavery 
Dubai police chief 99% sure Israel behind Hamas killing
UK calls in Israeli ambassador as Dubai killing row escalates
China has much to lose from Iran sanctions
We need judges to investigate our spies, not spies to berate our judges
Military coup in Niger
Coup Attempt Under Way in Niger, Official Says -- Smoke was seen rising from the presidential palace amid heavy gunfire in Nigers capital, Niamey.
Canadas last World War I veteran has passed away
Obama meets Dalai Lama, angering China
The truth about the Mossad
Russia very alarmed by Iran nuclear report
A new bill to fight child pornography has been signed into law by Germanys president. Theres only one problem: The government has decided it no longer wants it. They are now in the awkward position of relying on opposition help to repeal the legislation.
Russian police say they have arrested a man who hacked a video billboard to show a porn movie, bringing traffic to a standstill on a busy Moscow road.
If you havent seen it, this is the entire 30 minute video detailing the assassination operation from the arrival in Dubai, to the hit of Mahmoud al Mabhouh. Completely sfw and can be watched without audio.
Chavez says desperate UK flouts law in Falklands. Calls on the British to return the islands to Argentina.
The government in the Indian state of Meghalaya has confiscated textbooks showing pictures of Jesus Christ holding a cigarette and a can of beer.
Australian PM threatens Japan with legal action if whaling not stopped by November
In U.S., Canada Places First in Image Contest; Iran Last
The potential greatness that is /r/worldnews; or, Have you ever heard the one about how Tamils arent Palestinians?
Swedish court ruled autism not caused by MMR vaccine
True battleground location of Bosworth Field (ended the English War of the Roses) is a mile away from where previously thought. Archeologists cite finding cannonballs, armour shards and King Richards personal boar emblem as proof.
Irish government knew of forged hit squad passports two weeks ago\n
Latest Drone Strike Targets Haqqani. The death of Haqqani would mark another in a stunning series of successes against the Taliban leadership in Pakistan timed with the U.S. offensive across the border in southern Afghanistan.
Ever read a headline submitted to /r/worldnews and just not know what to do with it? You dont know what it means, why it happened, or how it affects the world? Some of us decided there should be a subreddit for peeling back the layers.
Rift Widens as U.S. and China Pursue Conflicting Goals 
Bankers refuse to leave the UK
Former Mexican foreign minister calls for North American union, unified currency
UK denies advance knowledge of fake UK passports
Australians enlist fierce Australian meat ants in the quest to control cane toads
Britons whose identity stolen to get new passports
What a surprise...
The whole idea of communism is dead in North Korea, and its most recent \Constitution,\ \ratified\ last April, has dropped all mention of the word... It is based on ... an ideology of the most unapologetic racism and xenophobia.
Selectively applying and breaking the law in Israel, Israelis who throw rocks at Palestinians are protected by the military, Palestinian children who throw rocks at Israelis are arrested under conditions which break Israels Youth Law
BBC News - Dutch government collapses in row over Afghanistan
Japan gets the nod to kill whales again
Britain knew Mossad was using fake passports for Dubai hit - Israeli agents tipped off British intelligence that they were going to carry out an overseas operation using fake British passports before assassinating a Hamas official in Dubai, the Daily Mail reported. 
Lost Nazi nuke-project uranium found in Dutch \r\nscrapyard
Assisted suicide: law to be decriminalised by back door from next week
BBC News - Incredible Footage of Madeira Floods and Mudslides
I wanted to throw a wedding feast for you. Instead, we have a funeral. Olympic luger Kumaritashvili is buried in his hometown in Georgia.
Pakistan air strike kills 30 in South Waziristan 
Dutch government collapses over Afghan commitment - An Immoral War Takes European Toll
London mayor cuts funding for Black History Month
Baghdad before the war. 
I know I have sinned, and I have to be punished. Strangely however, I felt that the caning was not a form of punishment but was an opportunity for me to repent and return to the right path
Scary Shit from Hungary
Britain denies any advance warning of plan to murder Hamas leader 
When China Rules the World
Michel Chossudovsky, whos from an independent Canadian policy research group, believes that what Iran says hardly matters, because the U.S. is planning for war... [video]
Dutch government collapses Amid disagreement over Afghanistan
Irans science progress fastest in world: Canadian report
Bishop Walter Mixa faces continuing criticism for claiming the sexual revolution was partially to blame for the widespread abuse of children at German Catholic schools.
St. Trinians and beyond -- Ronald Searle at 90
Britain at risk of worse deficit crisis than Greece
Zahras Paradise. A 7-languages webcomic on Iranian reality from the 16th of June, after the contested election of Ahmadinejad. New episodes every Mon, Wed, Fri at 12 NY time.
The British PoW who broke into Auschwitz  and survived: In 1944, Denis Avey swapped identities with a Jewish prisoner in Auschwitz. Now, at 91, he reveals why he did it
Australian web-filter minister caught censoring his own site.
Tel Aviv, Israel introduces Municipal program to prevent Arab boys from dating Jewish girls
Royal Bank of Scotland announces 3.6bn of losses. RBS is expected to pay 1.3bn in bonuses to its staff.
Australia warns Israel on Dubai assassination plot
Berlin Takes On Washington - German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle has been vocal in his demands that the US remove its nuclear weapons from German soil. Now he is calling for NATO to discuss the issue at an upcoming meeting, despite outspoken American opposition to his proposal
Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi called on Thursday for a jihad or armed struggle against Switzerland, saying it was an infidel state that was destroying mosques.
European Union high court said Thursday the disputed area is not part of Israel and Israeli goods made there are subject to EU import duties. 
NATO admits false intelligence lead to deaths of 8 boys
UN takes conservative line against Latin Americas growing drug reform movement - The U.N. body says it is particularly concerned by a 2009 law in Mexico that decriminalizes possession of small amounts of cannabis, cocaine, heroin and other drugs.
Israeli writer Alon Hilus acclaimed historical novel tackles the most sensitive of Zionist taboos head-on
Hooded gunmen kill 13 in southern Mexico
Six more Britons, including a 23-year-old woman, have discovered their identities were stolen by an alleged Mossad hit squad in the murder of a Hamas leader last month. 
Gordon Brown to Tony Blair: YOU RUINED MY LIFE
Vancouver faces a  $1 billion hangover From the Olympic party
Hospital left patients sobbing and humiliated
Communism has lost the capacity to inspire the Chinese. As the dominant political tradition in China, Confucianism is the obvious alternative.
Patient is called back to the hospital after Mastectomy... Good news and bad. The good; You dont have cancer.
A former Rwandan military officer accused of ordering the killing of up to 50 people has been jailed for 25 years by a U.N. court trying masterminds of the countrys 1994 genocide. Six months for each person killed...
Argentina steps up pressure on Falklands
Sudans President Omar al-Bashir says the seven-year conflict in his countrys Darfur region is over.
From now on, the Iranian government has announced, any airline which refers to the waterway between Iran and Arab states as the Arabian Gulf rather than the Persian Gulf will be banned from its airspace. 
A 11 year old boy was sexually abused, bound, gagged and beaten, prodded with a fork, whipped with a wire, sprayed down with vinegar and forced to eat chilli peppers as well as his own vomit by two sisters a court in Leicester has heard.
French President Sarkozy admitted Frances error of judgment but stopped short of an apology in connection with the Rwandan 1994 genocide 
Was Mossad on a fantastic adventure in Dubai?
Earthquake with a magnitude of 8.5 reported near Concepcion, Chile 
Hey Canada, we want to say something to you: Stay classy. Except this time we\re not being sarcastic (sorry about that): The Canadian crowd raised a chant of U-S-A! while the players got their bouquets.
Hawaii - Tsunami Warning has been issued - will arrive @ about 11:19 HST Sat Feb 27, 2010
Track Chilean 8.8 Earthquake Tsunami Size in Real Time
Massive earthquake of 8.3 magnitude strikes Chile!
Life is elsewhere - In Germany, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, more and more people are choosing to emigrate to other continents in a quest for better living conditions.\n
Id like to remind reddit that the Taliban used to destroy opium crops. 
Disaster pictures from Chile [The Big Picture set]
Imagine the surprise of international inspectors almost two weeks ago when they watched as Iran moved nearly its entire stockpile of low-enriched nuclear fuel to an above-ground plant. It was as if, one official noted, a bulls-eye had been painted on it.
Tsunami Model for Chilean earthquake - Earthquake Research Institute, Tokyo
Egypt\s Nuclear Option: President El Baradei? For someone like myself to be unable to run for president, this is a disaster. How can a constitution bar 99 percent of the people from running?
Chile Earthquake: Tsunami Hits New Zealand 
Internet Not Working in Chile - all sites with .cl are dead at the moment
Israelis rush to join Mossad after Mahmoud al-Mabhouh killing
UK Troops to remain in Afghanistan for 5 more years
Mystery of dead Briton and the right-wing cult
Live feed of Coconut Island in Hilo (where tsunami is supposed to hit first)
Hawaii Tsunami Warning Information.  (Wave arrival estimates: 11:05 a.m. Hilo, 11:20 a.m. Maui, 11:35 a.m. Oahu, 11:50 a.m. Kauai, 9-12 ft. surge estimates.)
I thought I\d blown a tire ... but then I saw the highway moving like it was a piece of paper and I realized it was something much worse
Hawaii prepares evacuations ahead of tsunami (Sat Feb 27, 2010 10:04am)
Syrias population control strategy under scrutiny - Damascus government accused of failing to encourage contraception to deal with soaring birth rate.\n
Italian oil slick reaches key farm center of Parma
Live feed of Chile-related twitpic images, updated every 2 minutes. May be NSFW
Israel pressing U.S. not to send new envoy to Syria 
\nUK troops to remain in Afghanistan for five years\n
BREAKING NEWS: German Federal Constitutional\nCourt rules against internet and telephone data storage! Fuck yeah!
Massive head of pharaoh unearthed in Egypt
Chiles massive earthquake has likely altered the distribution of the Earths overall mass, scientists from NASA say. As a result, the length of a day is now a little shorter than it was before Saturdays magnitude 8.8 earthquake.\r\n
12-year-old Palestinian Child To Be Prosecuted As An Adult By An Israeli Military Court
Muslim scholar issues unequivocal condemnation of suicide bombers acting in the name of Islam
Over-protected children missing out on dangerous childhood
So, in short, the BBC have decided to bend over and take it in the Ass from James Murdoch et al.
Chinese police forced to resign amid allegations of torture and prisoner abuse. 
The Other Africa: The usual image of Africa as a continent mired in conflict and squalor is unfair and misleading. Yes, African has some failed states, but most of its 53 countries are mostly peaceful, agreeable places.
Fatwa to condemn terrorism to be issued: Suicide bombings and attacks against civilian are not only condemned by Islam, in other words, render them to be unbelievers destined for hell
Changing face in Poland: Skinhead puts on skullcap. When I look at an old picture of myself as a skinhead, I feel ashamed. Every day I try and do teshuvah. 
Israel is recording details of Israelis who protest with Palestinians rights activist in an effort to block these Israelis at checkpoints.
Dubai will identify Israelis by physical features and the way they speak
Former Serbian leader Karadi denies the Srebrenica genocide, calls war just and holy
Chilean Army fails to regain control from looters, sends 10.000 soldiers to the earthquake region
Irish town representatives voted to remove a page signed by the Israeli ambassador from its guestbook in protest at Israels diplomatic record.
Chile Update: Worse than originally thought. 
200 Russian tanks found abandoned in forest: It is like you can sit behind the wheel, start up the engine and drive off and nobody would notice!
France announced yesterday that it has entered into exclusive negotiations on the sale of four of its sophisticated Mistral-class assault ships to Russia. If completed it would be the first major arms sale of a Western nation to Russia since World War 2.
EWG: Uzbekistan authorities have instructed health workers to surgically sterilize women as part of a government campaign to reduce the birth rate in the authoritarian ex-Soviet nation.
The Taliban made life unbearable for non-islamic minorities causing migrations within Pakistan
Ex U.S. army colonel to make anti-war speech at major Canadian University
Plainclothes police broke into Mr Panahis family home and arrested him, his wife and daughter and 15 other guests
Chinese model ready to sick authorities on her ex-boyfriend who posted explicit video
Martin Ssempa, Ugandan minister with close ties to Rick Warren and a supporter of the bill to put homosexuals to death in that country, is showing gay porn during church services to get people all fired up to kill the gays
Investigation reveals the 1985 Live Aid and Band Aid which raised $250 million, had 95% of that money diverted to support Ethiopian rebels and to buy weapons.
Because a number of you have asked about my post-reddit life, heres my first entry as a Kiva Fellow in Armenia
Irish Catholic Bishop Asks Parishioners to Help Cover Costs of Sex Abuse Lawsuits; Parishioners and abuse victims disgusted.  So am I.
The night when the lights when out in Chile.
Dubai seeks arrest of Israeli prime minister and Mossad chief over murder of Hamas leader
Victory for freedom of expression in New Zealand: court rules that naked bicycle riding is legal
New U.S. Embassy In London To Cost $1 Billion (PHOTOS)
Australia plans to dump toxic waste on tribal lands
All of the 4 arrested had been trained by the CIA and, possibly, Israel.
On Feb. 20, four Muslim women took a conspicuous step to protest gender segregation in Muslim mosques by refusing to relegate themselves to a cordoned-off prayer zone for women and instead worshiped with the men at the Islamic Center of Washington, D.C. 
Pakistan reveals the Talibans secret underground cave network
\Son of Hamas\ who spied for Israel: I have gone from being a prince in my country to the lowest possible level, of being a traitor
Giant Rogue Waves hit cruise ship; 2 passengers killed when 26 foot waves hit off the French port of Marseille
Two people have been killed and six injured as giant waves slammed into a cruise ship in the Mediterranean
Two Thirds of Afghan Police Drop Out Before Training Completed: It would take another 82 years to have a properly trained police force
Ethiopia aid spent on weapons
Dear Reddit: The past 8 months have been hell for us Iranians abroad. So I just wanted to say that we are very proud to have won this award, and I want to share it with you. 
75% of Germans do not want to be chipped.
Saudi woman senteced to 300 lashes and jailed for 18 months for appearing in court without a male.\n
How the settlers backed by the IDF and Israeli government have created an apartheid state in Israel.  13 minute clip from 60 minutes really puts the Palestinians hell on earth into perspective
Ugandas environment dilemma as the countrys forest cover dwindles\n
Chas Freeman: This time apartheid has western complicity
Dubai seeks Israeli PMs arrest over hotel murder. 
Apartheid in Israel: The mayor of Jerusalem has announced a plan to demolish an area of Arab East Jerusalem to make way for an upmarket district of luxury hotels and gardens.
U.S. commanders Unsure Who\s Behind Iraq Attacks: The big-time players aren\t there anymore. The organized terrorists aren\t there anymore.
Poland Looks Inward After Film Puts Mall Girl Culture on View
Rats that find land mines are saving lives in Africa. This is how they are trained
Jewish settlers in East Jerusalem celebrate massacre of 29 Palestinians by Jewish terrorist
Two dead as giant waves hit cruise ship...WOW
Jews praying at Western Wall pelted with rocks following an Islamic sermon on a recent Israeli decision to include two West Bank shrines on a list of national heritage sites
Man executed by firing squad for using cell phone
Japans Princess Aiko bullied at school
Tobacco giant, Philip Morris, files lawsuit against Uruguay, charging that new health measures involving cigarette packaging amount to unfair treatment of the company!
Mexican govt official fired for painting teens buttocks as punishment for graffiti tagging
Unemployed Woman with 11 Children from 5 Different Fathers Enjoys $60,000 salary from British Taxpayers
Priest gets suspended sexual assault sentence
Respected Danish journalist admits I was a Mossad agent
All that the Pakistani Taliban wanted was money and that\s all they talked about. They were not religious men. We did not see any one of them offering prayers even once. - A rescued hostage
Airline pilot arrested in Amsterdam for flying 13 years with bogus licence
The unlelected house is the only one with any sense: House of Lords makes moves to scrap bill clause which would let the government and corporations  spy on us all
Japan will not comply if a ban on international trade in Atlantic bluefin tuna is imposed
Maoists plan to overthrow Indian government 
Australian woman decapitated during freak lawnmower accident
I am sorry for what I did and hope that my \r\ndaughter does not suffer any more in heaven- girl \r\ndies after parents become obsessed with raising \r\nvirtual baby while their real daughter lay abandoned \r\nand unfed
Germany convicts 4 Sauerland group bomb plotters (with help from the CIA)
A proposal to remove donor organs from patients who are dying before they are actually dead, published today in the Dutch medical journal Medisch Contact, has met with fierce criticism.
Death toll from Chilean earthquake sharply revised down from 802 to 279.
Dozens of ships that had been trapped in ice in the Baltic Sea off Stockholm, some for several days, have been freed
Papal aide, Vatican mens choir in gay prostitution ring
Irish foreign minister speaks out against Gaza blockade in I.H.T. Op-ed.
London 2012 Olympics -- Police will have powers to enter private homes and seize posters
No to Nynorsk: Norwegian county of Rogaland moving towards doing away with Nynorsk in favour of Bokml in order to strengthen the Norwegian language
Iceland rejects Icesave bill in referendum
Your daily dose of North Korean insanity
The teenager is believed to be the first person \r\ncharged under Australian law with offensive \r\nbehaviour for listening to music.
The internet is a net to trap people, Chinese blogger in translation
Lost Jewish tribe found in Zimbabwe
Blackwater Iraq allegations prompt US review
Guatemala: top cops busted, death squads exposed
Hailstorm brings chaos to Melbourne
Bitterness and unease in bankrupt Zimbabwe
First contact: The man wholl welcome aliens
In Baghdad, Sunnis await elections with unease 
Oil, the other Iraq election issue
Icelandic referendum set to snub UK repayment demand 
Superpower: Exploring the extraordinary power of the internet. [BBC] 
Photos of Palestinian daily suffering!! worth checking out!!
Turkish PM says U.S. vote to greatly harm ties
Egyptian queens burial chamber discovered in Egypt
ChinaDaily: Yuan to remain stable, opposes politicizing monetary issues, stimulus package benefits world
Middle-aged British couple kidnapped by Somali pirates could be free in a fortnight
Thousands of beachgoers shrugged off [tsunami] alerts following Chiles huge earthquake.
UK child-killers return to jail sparks debate. (James Bulgers murderer from 1993)
A man believed to be a sumo wrestler ripped out a cash machine weighing 90kg (200lb) and made off with it on his shoulders, police in Moscow report.
Kidnapping for ransom is one of the most profitable and widespread criminal enterprises in Pakistan. But it is one that has, until now, been fairly well hidden.
Holland proposes giving anyone over 70 the right to die if they have simply had enough and consider their lives complete
Love thy neighbor: Protected by the IDF, settlers destroy natural spring used by Palestinians for farming near Salfit by pouring cement into the spring. I cant for a single moment imagine how it must be to live amongst these vile people.
India wants to give women 1/3 of legislative seats.  Vote was 186-1
Having been removed in favor of Nazis, members of the Jewish family have been sheltering this winter in a tent on the sidewalk opposite their home of more than five decades.
Chomsky: Aid Should Go to Haitian Popular Organizations, Not to Contractors or NGOs 
Trial begins over the death of Rachel Corrie. She was killed while she was trying to stop Palestinians homes being demolished in Gaza.
Is this what Israel is becoming?  Israeli Settlers (who earlier evicted Palestinians from their home) sing songs that praise mass murderer Baruch Goldstein.  [Video]
  At least 3,000 protesters, including Israelis and Palestinians, have rallied in an Arab quarter of east Jerusalem to protest the eviction of Palestinians from their homes there in favor of Jewish settlers.rally
US Vice-President Joe Biden has condemned Israels approval of 1,600 new homes for ultra-Orthodox Jews in East Jerusalem.
When a tsunami crashed into an asylum in Chile, two unlikely heroines, one schizophrenic, the other mentally disabled, formed a team to save their friends lives. With water up to their necks, they dragged other patients to safety. [video]
Muslim woman expelled from Canadian school for refusing to remove her niqab veil
Microsoft\s Bing search engine is filtering out offensive words in Arab countries. Words like: gay, bisexual, lesbian and transvestite
Billionaires and Mega-Corporations Behind Immense Land Grab in Africa | 20+ countries are selling or leasing land for intensive agriculture on a shocking scale in what may be the greatest change of ownership since the colonial era. 
I was just following a bee.
Pakistani pols who refused airport body scans hailed as heroes in Pakistan
China: 70-Year-Old Grandmother Beaten &amp; Buried Alive By Property Developers Trying To Take Her Land
One American official recently conceded that Somalias best hope was the governments new military chief, a 60-year-old former artillery officer who, until a few months ago, was assistant manager at a McDonalds in suburban Germany.
Catholic Sex Abuse Accusations Spread Across Europe; Was Popes brother involved in cover-ups?
A third of the worlds jailed journalists are imprisoned in Iran; China is next with 24 jailed journalists followed by Cuba with 22
Israeli court to hear civil case over death of Rachel Corrie in Gaza
Parents want Israel to answer for daughters bulldozer death
Jihad Jane Colleen LaRose from Pennsylvania recruited Muslims in Ireland to kill Swedish cartoonist, Lars Vilks
Chinas exports rise 46% from a year ago
Canada learns that foreign ownership means increased suffering for Canadas workers. 
Bluefin tuna trade ban gains European Union backing
I know it has been said before, but Al Jazeera English is one of the best news outlets out there.  Its a shame most Americans think theyre in cahoots with terrorists.
50-year french mystery of the cursed bread solved: CIA spiked the bread with LSD as part of an experiment
A new government commercial currently running on one of Britains most popular radio stations is selling one thing  fear  by encouraging Londoners to report their neighbors as terrorists if they use cash, enjoy their privacy, or even close their curtains.
This photos are taken in the mental institution, and you will get to see that most of the people are with some physical disability too. The conditions are terrible and this people dont get the proper medical care.
The Devil resides in the Vatican says Vatican Chief Exorcist.
Facebook may sue the Daily Mail - Awesome! 
Joe Biden: Israel undermining peace effort
(France) Teacher Sprayed with Gas after Denouncing al-Qaeda...
Poll asked Should whether Arab citizens should be granted rights equal to that of Jews in Israel? 49.5% of Israeli high school students answered NO.
The human rights situation in Iran has rapidly degenerated into government-led killings of election protesters and acts of politically motivated torture, beatings and rape
Israels Labor Party may quit the governing coalition over settlement decision.
Behold! The World\s Most Traveled Man: 806 countries in ten years.
Morocco says it will take a tough line on proselytizing -- two days after 20 Christians are expelled for trying to convert children
8 reporters kidnapped in Mexican city
Murdoch(jnr): illegal downloading no different from stealing a handbag 
China now has more billionaires than any other country besides the United States
Iran unveils new cruise missile
Hungary criminalises holocaust denial - Truth needs no law to protect it.
7 Years After Killing, Family of Slain US Peace Activist Rachel Corrie Heads to Israel for Wrongful Death Suit Against Israeli Govt
Nationwide strike brings Greece to a standstill 
Mexican Carlos Slim Huan overtakes Bill Gates as the worlds richest man, according to the Forbes rich list. In related news, the Mexican GDP per capita in PPP is US$10,600.
Climate change is a fact, says China
Why the Greeks are protesting: Cuts in bonus pay bite into income that civil servants rely on
ANC defends \Kill the Boer\ song - The ruling ANC defended youth leader Julius Malema for singing, shoot the boers, they are rapists, saying the lyrics of the song had been quoted out of context.
Battle Ground Athens: second general strike leads to pitched battles | libcom.org
A former Scientologist who says she was a child slave and alleges she saw a six-year-old boy chained up in a ship\s hold is disappointed the Senate has blocked a full inquiry into the religious organisation.
Breaking: Second Earthquake Strikes Chile - Magnitude 7.2
Does anybody else find it absurd that the US and NATO have been fighting the Taliban since 2001 and still havent won? 
Sweden Recognizes Armenian, Assyrian and Greek Genocide
Two Israeli soldiers face up to 3 years in prison for forcing a Palestinian boy to open up suspected booby traps
Police State: Homeland Security Shows Us Its Mobile Mind Screening Checkpoints  
Clinton warns Netanyahu that U.S.-Israeli relationship is at risk
Israel: Jewish group urges supermodel not to marry Leonardo DiCaprio, because hes not Jewish
Found in a burial pit: Fifty-one Scandinavian Vikings decapitated by Anglo Saxons
Russia to build 12 nuclear reactors in India
The worlds billionaires saw their wealth grow by 50 percent last year, and their ranks swell to 1,011, from 793, according to the latest Forbes list of billionaires. The combined net worth of these 1,011 individuals increased to $3.6 trillion, up $1.2 trillion from the year before.
Police State: UK develops Intelligent CCTV
You wonder why Greece is fucked? Hairdressers have the right to retire with a full pension at age 50. 
Chinas oil demand increases an astonishing 28% in January, says International Energy Agency
Israel seals off occupied West Bank
Japan arrests activist who boarded whaling ship
The practice of torture by the United States is a highly negative influence on the world.
Greece debt: EU agrees bailout deal
Could the Israeli government make it any more obvious they have no intention of sharing the Over-Promised Land with its other inhabitants?
UN Report says half of the food sent to Somalia is diverted to corrupt contractors, UN workers and militants
Lehman Brothers former heads criticised for lapses. Yeah, because a slap on the wrist is definitely an appropriate response..
Anti-whaling activist arrives in Tokyo, is arrested by authorities
Palestinian Loss of Land: 1946-2000
Brazilian president Lula said world leaders are afraid that Israel may attack Iran if a diplomatic solution over the countrys nuclear program is not reached quickly.
The real reason behind Greek economic problems
We must start to accept that 5% of the population at any given time is bonkers. There are no steps to be taken to stamp this out and no lessons to be learnt when a man with a beard boards a plane with an exploding dog.
A great NBC piece aired during the Olympics on what happened on September 11th when 39 transatlantic flights were redirected to the small town of Gander, Newfoundland in Canada. [Vid]
On the Spot with Kim Jong-il - The Big Picture
Eleven Siberian Tigers starve to death at Chinese Zoo
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has sharply rebuked Israel over its recent decision to build new settlements in East Jerusalem.
The likelihood of a woman dying in childbirth in the US is five times greater than in Greece - WHO
Pope will struggle to survive abuse scandal - The latest revelations are so potentially damaging to the reputation of then-Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger that speculation was mounting last night that they could severely, perhaps even irreparably, damage his moral authority as Pope Benedict XVI.
Google 99.9 Percent Sure to Shut Down in China (Update1) - BusinessWeek
China to build high speed rail lines: London to Beijing to Singapore
Three killed after man walks in on threesome
The bankers lied. And Darling, a mere puppet on their string, knows it: Britain has paid a horrific price for allowing the City to dictate credit policy. Yet there is no inquiry, no questioning, only silence!
Over 40 people have been killed in a wave of bombings in the Pakistani city of Lahore.  It is suspected that the army was the main target, though mostly civilians were killed.
The Pope Was Drawn Directly into the Roman Catholic Sex Abuse Scandal for the First Time Tonight as News Emerged of His Part in a Decision to Send a Paedophile Priest for Therapy. The Priest Went on to Reoffend and Was Convicted of Child Abuse but Continues to Work as Priest in Upper Bavaria.
Pope is shocked to hear of abuse case in Munich while he was archbishop
In Argentina, any success is viewed as suspicious, unless it is won on the football pitch. An article describing in detail just how corrupt Argentina can be.  
Pakistani Army Paying Pensions to Families of Lashkar-e-Taiba Operatives Who Carried out Mumbai Massacre...
Israel seals off the occupied Palestinian territory of West Bank - no one will be allowed in or out for 48 hours
Unique Arctic doomsday stockpile of all the world\s crop seeds has reached the half-million species mark
They herded us into one place and started chopping with machetes...
Thailand braces for mass protests
Several dozen Palestinian women scuffled with Israeli troops today. Four arrested, none injured. Firebombs thrown. However, the settler movement still isnt getting the hint.
China warns Google to comply with censorship laws
IRAQ: Women Miss Saddam. Since Iraqis overthrew the British-installed monarchy, Iraqi women had most of the rights that Western women do. Now their Constitution states: Islam is the official religion of the state and is a basic source of legislation.
Rachel Corrie case stirs fresh pain and hope -- Family of activist killed by Israeli bulldozer sues in an Israeli court.
Azerbaijan: Appeal Court Leaves Bloggers in Jail
Australia gets rid of the death penalty for good
China to connect its High Speed Rail all the way to Europe.
Study finds 55 percent of newspaper stories are placed
US backs down as per usual in row with Israel.
Mother who killed 6 babies tells court I won\t do it again
While Finland declares that Internet Access is a fundamental right, Canada is cutting funding for community Internet access sites
Monsanto admits their technology doesnt work!
As 100,000+ protesters gather in Bangkok, Thai Prime Minister rejects a demand from protesters to resign and call elections.
Final destination Iran? | Hundreds of powerful U.S. bunker-buster bombs are being shipped from California to the British island of Diego Garcia in the Indian Ocean in preparation for a possible attack on Iran.
Obamas patience wearing thin with Israel
Remember Rachel Corrie
Thai protesters have splashed hundreds of litres of their own blood outside government headquarters in a sacrifice for democracy
The worlds shortest man, He Pingping, has died at the age of 21, a Guinness World Records spokesman said. 
The short sad life of whites in Africa
Russian oligarch and ex- KGB agent Alexander Lebedev to buy British paper The Independent. The Indy, created in 1986 by 3 journalists from the Telegraph, attracted staff from Murdoch broadsheets and challenging The Guardian for centre-left readers, and The Times as a newspaper of record. 
Hamas calls for intifada: Martyrs by the millions, onwards to Jerusalem
Booming Business: Germany Now Worlds Third Largest Arms Exporter
Lieberman who do you really work for?  Obvious not the health of the American people since you oppose healthcare reform.  And obviously not for our Troops beacuse youre endangering them by our blind support for Isreal.  
How Your Twitter Account Could Land You in Jail in the U.S.
Saakashvili Staged TV Report of Russian Invasion  - BusinessWeek
In a break from the usual atmosphere in the \r\nworldnews reddit, I present possible GOOD news \r\nfrom Sri Lanka.
Krugman to China\s Currency Appeasers -  The respectful thing would be to assume that everything (China\s Leaders) say in public about the issue is a lie
Michael Foot, dead at 96, was a class act. An erudite party rebel famed for rousing oratory, he ended up with the magnificent and hopeless quest of leading a split Labour party in the dark 80s. The crowd of mourners were mostly greyold socialists saying farewell to a dream that never came true.
Shark fin - A multi-billion dollar trade
TV news chief kidnapped in Venezuela
Spanish music rights organization SGAE brings link site to court. Outcome: if an individual uses P2P networks like eDonkey or BitTorrent to obtain copyright material for non-profit reasons, the act is completely legal. Whoops!
Pepsi to pull drinks from schools worldwide
The New York Times again refers to settlements as suburbs and neighborhoods, omitting the fact that they are illegal under the Geneva Convention, as ruled upon by the World Court. Orwell was right, the biggest lie of all is omission.
Israel virtually destroyed a school in Gaza and now they refuse to allow it to be repaired. I guess Israels policy is to deny Palestinians education then mock them for being uneducated.
A great read from 1982 when Ronald Reagan threatened to impose sanctions on Israel for the Siege of Beirut.
To prove how tolerant they are of ethnic minorities, Turkey threatens to expel 100,000 Armenians
Dubai jail 2 Indians for sending text messages.  Judge says SMS showed they planned to commit sin i.e have extra-marital sex.
Israeli Army Policy: We will allow Palestinians to record stuff, because you know, we dont do anything that is bad, Reality: IDF soldiers attempt to prevent filming for fear they will be caught doing something bad. Official Policy vs. Reality strikes again in Israel
Does Israels settlement expansion have the support of the American people?  Short Answer: NO.
Israel is not only doing the Islamic Resistance Movements bidding - Washington is beginning to relate to the Netanyahu government as if it were Hamas
U.S. general Petraeus: Israel-Palestinian conflict foments anti-U.S. sentiment
 Game show contestants turn torturers in a new psychological experiment for French television, zapping a man with electricity until he cries for mercy -- then zapping him again until he seems to drop dead.
In a Desert in China, a Trove of 4,000-Year-Old European Mummies
Construction workers for the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics have gone unpaid since December. Many are without food and forced to quit the job.
Chile: Why were new buildings prone to destruction? Apartment owners are turning to legal action after their homes collapsed.
Pakistani court charges 5 Americans with terrorism
Brazil president steps between Israel and Iran: The world leaders I spoke to believe that we must act quickly, otherwise Israel will attack Iran
Playboy accidentally played out on childrens TV
 Riots rock Jerusalem as Hamas calls for new \intifada\. Hundreds of Palestinians clashed with Israeli security forces across east\nJerusalem on Tuesday in the worst rioting in years as a senior Hamas leader\ncalled for a new \intifada,\ or uprising.
Germanys Chancellor Angela Merkel says she wants the eurozone to be able to exclude one of its members in future if that is necessary to avert a crisis.
The children of Sialkot now toil in the local brickworks
Mexico urges US help in drug war 
Turkey PM says the country could deport up to 100,000 Armenians
Australian families have made serious allegations of corruption within Australias inter-country adoption program with Ethiopia.
Afghanistan Enacts Law That Gives War Criminals Blanket Immunity
UK - The Lib Dems would restore people\s right to privacy which has been trampled on by the government, party leader Nick Clegg is to say.
In Thailand, a populist political party wins by a landslide . As PM, the partys leader enacts policies that halve poverty. The established elites fight back, eventually staging a military coop. We had to stop democracy to save democracy, they say. 
A 29-year-old tourist from the Philippines has spent five days in custody after Australian Customs officials mistook iced tea for drugs.
Should flight attendants be allowed to refuse to fly with a pilot they believe to be suicidally depressed?
Irish Catholic church paid child sex abuse victim to keep quiet
Palestine names street after Rachel Corrie
Finally - Irelands most corrupt banker arrested. 
Adolf Hitler widely admired in Pakistan.
Gaza fires rockets at civillians in Southern Israel, kills kibbutz worker
A series of explosive child sex abuse scandals has hit Western Europe in recent months, sending the Catholic Church into damage-control mode. This is the list.
Silvio Berlusconi in protection deal with mafia
Silvio Berlusconi caught trying to stifle media
UN body rejects bluefin tuna ban
North Korean finance official blamed for currency crisis executed by firing squad
Briton is recognised as worlds first officially genderless person.
Fresh tensions between Canada and Russia emerged Wednesday after Russian President Dmitry Medvedev told a session of his Security Council that his country must be prepared to defend its claims to Arctic mineral riches.
Police or provocateurs?
51 Headless Vikings in English Execution Pit Confirmed
Retired U.S. general links Srebrenica genocide to \r\ngays in Dutch army
Paris Club forgives Afghanistans debt, a deal worth 1 billion dollars.
   Three jailed for Auschwitz sign theft   -- Two-and-a-half years in prison for stealing the infamous Arbeit Macht Frei sign from the Auschwitz death camp.
Vatican ends wall of silence over child abuse scandal
Central Bank Gold Holdings Expand at Fastest Pace Since 1964  - Bloomberg.com
North Korean finance chief executed for botched currency reform
Web inventor calls for government data transparency
Atlantic Bluefin tuna ban collapses at UN after Canada teamed up with Japan to prevent fishing ban as the only way to save the critically endangered species from extinction. WTF?!!
All 33 children taken from Haiti, ranging in age from 4 months to 12 years, turn out to have parents and have been reunited. 
New Zealand rejects indoor cubical farming for cows as unnatural. New Zealand milk and meat will still be the best in the world - naturally grass fed
Dutch fury at US generals gay theory over Srebrenica 
Scientists have created the first device to render an object invisible in three dimensions.
Social Immobility: Report finds the U.S. ranking well below Denmark, Australia, Norway, Finland, Canada, Sweden, Germany and Spain in terms of how freely citizens move up or down the social ladder.
Two bomb disposal experts have received the George Cross, S/Sgt Schmid posthumously, S/Sgt Hughes for disarming three IEDs by hand, without any protective clothing, while under enemy fire. 
Three million dollars on hookers 
Billionaires and Mega-Corporations Behind Immense Land Grab in Africa
TV presenter gets death sentence for sorcery
Growing pedophilia scandal reaches the top of the Vatican
Bring back the brothel, says female French MP 
Sarkozy Opposes IMF Loan to Greece, Widens Rift With Germany
Israels Troubling Tilt Toward Apartheid - Today a virulent form of Zionism is turning Israel in the direction of an intolerant apartheid state.
Isle of Wight rapist caught by daughters DNA
The Pentagons Propaganda Networks
Lines in the Mideast sand - How Israel has again crossed a line with its US ally, and why Obama cant let that happen.
MI5: Britain four meals away from anarchy
Strongly worded statement from Middle East peace envoys calls for pullout from Palestinian territories within 24 months
Euro retreats vs dollar on nagging Greece worries\n
US Trade Representative has already told members of Congress it is their intention to marginalize the participation by consumer interest organizations in the new [ACTA] forum.
Germany: Responsible for Europes crisis? Germans are shocked to hear their thrifty ways blamed for causing the Euros instability.
To be eligible for employment as a Somali pirate, a volunteer should already possess a...........
Anti-British extremists have firebombed a branch of HSBC in Argentina - sparking fears of a dramatic escalation in the Falklands row. [Sun...]
Nigeria recalls ambassador to Libya after Khadaffi recommends Nigeria break into 2: a Christian and a Muslim part.
Israels latest FU to US - Well do what we want with East Jerusalem, its not up for negotiation.
Australia: nearly 55% of stories analysed were driven by some form of public relations. Many journalists and editors were defensive when the phone call came. Most refused to respond, others who initially granted an interview then asked for their comments to be withdrawn out of fear.
Air pollution levels in Hong Kong have reached a record high, prompting government warnings to people to avoid going out.
Every year, more people die from unsafe water than from all forms of violence, including war\n
Cyprus to run out of drinking water
New Study: Israel in recent years has spent &gt; $17 billion building 12 million square meters of roads, homes and factories for Jewish settlers in the occupied Palestinian West Bank.
India will Use Hottest Chili in the World to Fight Terrorism
UK to expel Israeli diplomat over fake British passport used in assassination in Dubai
Indias unbearable lightness of being
Jeremy Paxman interviews Ann Coulter...love his work
UK Foreign Secretary: Israel Is Behind The Cloned British Passports Used In Hamas Killing In Dubai
BREAKING: Britain To Expel Israeli Diplomat Over Duplication Of Passports
How New Labour can you get? 4 British MPs, including three Blair-era Cabinet ministers, caught trying to sell their influence for thousands of pounds. I\m a bit like a sort of cab for hire, I suppose, Stephen Byers told undercover reporters masquerading as reps of a US company.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has asserted Israel\s right to build in Jerusalem, following a row with the US over plans for new homes in the city.
Silvio Berlusconi to push for change to Italian constitution for greater powers
Venezuela arrests Chavez critic for conspiracy
Germanys effort to rein in its expensive social welfare system has been ruled unconstitutional. How it now moves to balance its books as well as meet what it considers basic human needs could set a model for others
The vast majority of Russian prisoners  724,000 out of a total prison population of 862,000  still live in freestanding barracks, rough-hewn, low-slung buildings of wood or brick encircled by barbed wire, usually in a remote place. Medvedev seeks to reform Soviet-aged prison system.
UKs police state: Police in Nottingham city were out tackling knife crime---a search centre was set up where a full body scanner checked suspects. 
Vladimir Putin was most likely involved in the 1999 Russian apartment bombings. The American voting public ought to have been aware of this. The conventions of the news media and of our overall societal structure are such that this will never be widely known.
German elderly kidnap financial advisor over failed invesments
Hillary tells AIPAC, the occupation is hurting the US around the world
Worlds cleverest man turns down $1million prize after solving one of mathematics greatest puzzles\n\n
Ex-Nazi assassin jailed for life - At 88, how long will that be?
Remember the British MPs caught red handed \r\nselling political influence for cash? Here they are ON \r\nCAMERA boasting about their corruption
CNN Wikileaks iReport: Reddit, PLEASE view and comment on this story so it can get vetted and put on the CNN website. We really need to raise awareness of whats happening to Wikileaks. Thank you and please upvote this. Im not a karmawhore, this is just a throwaway.
Israels No renting to Arabs policy: Since the Jewish couple offered to rent their home to Arab friends, their life has been a living hell.
At least a full version of the ACTA has leaked. Not the definitive version, but enough to see what the future may become.
Thousands of Canadians protest Ann Coulter after she told a Muslim to take a camel (instead of a flying carpet, of course) 
Nigeria bans internet discussion of its first Islamic wrist amputation for theft
Chile: The earthquake picture I never sent
Canadians didnt stop Ann Coulter from speaking - her own security did. And then she blamed it on Canadian police. What a bitch. 
Tony Blair in citizens arrest scare as Brussels journalist tries to detain him over war crimes
Kafkas Castle is collapsing | You cant reason with the absurd, as IKEA found when it tried to build a model business in Russia. Institutional corruption is out of control. Kafkas Castle is finally collapsing. This is good news, ordinary Russians are losing their fear. Now theyre just angry
Has Germany just killed the dream of a European superstate?
FBI protects key terrorist in Mumbai attacks, wont let Indian authorities interrogate him nor wont let lawyer of the families of the 166 victims question him in his upcoming trail in Chicago reason suggested is he has ties to U.S intelligence
Google fined for uncensored dirty jokes
The Coming China-India Conflict: Is War Inevitable?
UN passes three resolutions condemning Israel over repeated human rights violations. Now guess who voted against them all?
China hits back at Googles uncensored Hong Kong servers - searches disabled or links blocked
GoDaddy.com plans to stop registering domain names in China
Legality of US drones questioned
Airport guard misused scanner
Mideast peace effort is a charade. Somethings changed in the U.S. when this headline can make it on CNN.com and actually be about Israels lack of interest in any deal.
Top ten reasons East Jerusalem does not belong exclusively to Jewish-Israelis
NATO habitually lying about killing innocent civilians
Growing Opposition To EU Membership In Norway - The opposition to Norwegian membership in the EU is growing. The March survey shows that if a national referendum had been held today, 56% of the voters would have said no to Norwegian membership.
Just hours after Israeli PMs meeting with Obama, Israel announces 100 more houses in East Jerusalem.
Schneier on Airport Security: Bringing lots of liquids on a plane at Schiphol. This would worry me, if the liquid ban werent already useless
Ottawa joins the war on photography
Blair Strikes Oil in Iraq. In the 3 years since he stepped down as prime minister, Blair pocketed more than $30 million in oil revenues from secret dealings with a South Korean oil consortium, UI Energy Corporation. Despite his best efforts to keep his connection to UI secret, word is spreading...
WIKILEAKS(PDF) CIA public apathy enables leaders to ignore voters Cia details how to get war support.
Not exactly the bitch slap Israel needs from the US, but its a start.
Fidel Castro: Truly unusual that 234 years after the Declaration of Independence in 1776, that the U.S. government has passed [a law for] medical attention for the vast majority of its citizens, something that Cuba achieved for its entire population half a century ago
73% of Russians view US as an aggressor trying to take control of all countries in the world. 
The Vatican has attacked the media over charges that the Pope failed to act against a US priest accused of abusing up to 200 deaf boys two decades ago.
For years, Dutch law enforcement officials have been listening in on conversations between lawyers and their clients. The prosecutors office itself now wants to put an end to the practice.
UK police asks Internet cafes to monitor customers 
Ciudad Jurez is one of the fastest growing cities in the world, in spite of the fact that it is the most violent zone in the world outside of declared war zones.
Police chief beheaded in north Mexico
China overtook the US during 2009 to become the leading investor in renewable energy technologies.
Owner of the only remaining TV station in Venezuela critical of Hugo Chavez has been arrested.
CIA prepared birthday cake for double agent who bombed Afghan base and killed seven CIA employees
Google booted from Chinas number two carrier
Signs of Big Bang in North Korea?
Israel and Hamas forces clash on Gaza border: Arab media reports two Israeli troops have been killed east of Khan Younis
Pakistani jets kill nearly 50 in tribal region
China Is Beating the Pants Off the U.S. in Clean Energy - China invested nearly twice as much money$34.6 billionin clean energy projects in 2009
DID THE POPE protect a pedophile?
\nBeijing to sweeten stench of rubbish crisis with giant deodorant guns
Times and Sunday Times websites to charge from June
A cloud of smog hovers over Mongolias capital
Israel and Hamas forces clash on Gaza border: Two Israeli troops killed, retaliation expected
\Misleading\ police advert banned: The ASA said the advertisement broke its rules on being legal, decent, honest, truthful. The advertiser? The UK Government ...
This authors whole life was building towards this moment... (check his name)
S.Korean naval ship sinking with 100 on board, North Korean torpedo attack suspected!
Christopher Hitchens: Catholic Church Wants Wiggle Room For Rape And Torture Of Children
How Saudis really see Americans: If you believe a new Burger King ad, Americans are clueless about the Mideast.
Israel remains defiant amid allies growing anger
Islamists give gay activists 3 days to leave Indonesia. Activists from the Front for the Defence of Islam gave the delegates from 13 countries attending the meeting of the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender and Intersex Association until Sunday to leave Indonesia.
Child abuse scandal is war between church and world
Iceland just passed a law banning all strip clubs, making it the first country to ban stripping for feminist rather than religious reasons
How to launder a million dirty dollars
Vatican turns on senior Irish clergy. Irish Catholic Church  effectively placed it in receivership.
Israeli Tanks Move Into Gaza After Deadly Clashes
British government exaggerating terrorist threat, say MPs
Ian Tomlinson family waits for answers one year on from G20 protests
We\re still asking for our independence, no more, and no less. There\s a lot of oppression here. The secret police are everywhere. There\s no freedom of speech. - Life in Africa\s last colony
The boys were dealt with using community resolution, an alternative way of dealing with less serious crime. - BBC
Allawi wins most Iraq poll seats
Australian victims of nuclear testing sue the U.K.
Saudi prince arrested in Lebanon over drugs
Israel condemned at Arab summit
Quick before it goes behind a paywall and we never see another link to the website again, have a laugh and check out the name of the author!
Jerusalem to dominate Arab summit
China adding missiles near Taiwan: navy official
UKs newspaper and media company, Independent, pays Russian billionaire and Gorbachev cohort Alexander Lebedev 9.25 million pounds to take over its operations.
IRAQ Elections: Allawi wins by slight margin, al-Maliki rejects results
To increase European support for the war in Afghanistan, the CIA wants to recruit Afghan women to act as public relations ambassadors...
Christopher Hitchens: Catholic Church Wants Wiggle Room For Rape And Torture Of Children (VIDEO)
Large explosion in Moscow Subway.
Morally bankrupt and no longer even trying: When you read about the complete collapse of the Atlantic bluefin tuna population and its eventual extinction in a few years from now, remember that it was Canada (aside from Japan), that was responsible
I wish Redditors would bear this in mind when submitting news links about the UK...
Did you know that for the last three years until today Israel has been completely blocking all shipments of clothes and shoes to the Gaza Strip?  Was this really necessary?
Catholic Church will not be intimidated by sex abuse claims, Pope says; Insists claims are petty gossip
World War II Veterans Must Pay To Sing War Songs
153 trapped in China coal mine!
UK government set to rush through the Digital Economy Bill (which was part-written by the BPI) with only a brief reading and minimal debate
One of Romanias most powerful criminals has warned his country must do something to stop the wave of Gypsy child crime that is sweeping Europe or face a backlash against Romanians.
Jim Rogers: Greece Should Have Been Left to Die - The Greeks have never lived within their means, and I suspect this time they won\t either, until they\re forced to by either bankruptcy or by someone just refusing to give them loans, Rogers says.
Israel defiant Against US pressure to halt construction: We are the ones who have exclusive responsibility for Israels fate and future.
French teachers walk out over violence - Since the beginning of the year, French schools have seen a string of attacks
Israel allows clothes, shoes into blockaded Gaza for first time in three years
James Lovelock: It may be necessary to put democracy on hold for a while [to combat climate change]
Police Chief in Mexcio beheaded
Blood and Treasure: Why one of the worlds richest countries is also one of its poorest.
Singapore\s Leaders at it Again: NYT journalists Sued for Libel
Interview with Turkeys Prime Minister - There Can be No Talk of Genocide [against the Armenians]
Hardship deepens for South Africas poor whites
BBC | French students shy of real world
Did Iraq Just Elect a Mass-Murderer?
More Internet Censorship coming up in Europe?!
Mine from North Korea may have sunk South Korean naval ship
Pakistan: Fresh clashes kill 30 in near Afghan border
Colombian rebels release one of two soldiers promised this week. 
British Redditors, we have 7 days left before the Digital Economy Bill is rushed through Parliament without debate.
If you come to France  and something happens to you, you won\t be asked for your credit card before you\re rushed to the hospital. Sarkozy pokes fun at the U.S. Healthcare debate.
Corrie was killed by an Israeli bulldozer while trying to protect Palestinian homes. Her family has been met with hostility while pursuing a civil suit after calling the investigation a whitewash.
CIA:  Iran capable of producing nukes\nUSA:  Washington Times and CIA are capable of producing lies
Sinead OConnor writes a wonderful op-ed on the Irish Catholic Churchs sex scandal
Thousands of homeless people are being forced off the streets of South Africa to hide the scale of poverty there from World Cup fans.
South Korea ship may have hit mine
When you hear of innocent Afghans becoming collateral damage - don\t just think of them as a number. Think of them as Human Beings. 
A gang of robbers have dug their way into the vault of a Parisian bank and emptied almost 200 private safes, police said.
Secularist Allawi defeats incumbent half-sectarian Shiite Prime Minister Maliki in Iraqi elections
Korean War mine dating back to the 1950-53 Korean War sunk South Korean navy ship
Hitmen kill 10 youths in Mexicos drug-hit north
19 black widows still at large and poised to launch fresh attacks. Large-scale terror campaign may be about to begin
When the ABC asked Chinese foreign ministry spokesman Qin Gang for his reaction to the comments, there was an angry reply.\n\nWe express serious concern about the Australian comments, Mr Qin said.
British MPs call for review of arms exports after Israeli assault on Gaza---UK arms exports to Israel should not be used in the occupied territories.
Amnesty International on Tuesday challenged the Chinese authorities to reveal how many people they execute and sentence to death, as the organization published its world overview of the death penalty for 2009. 
British soldiers survive on spam for up to 50 days
China: Crunch Time
Gao Zhisheng, Chinese human rights lawyer, is free again.
Sold, raped and jailed, a girl faces Afghan justice
Pakistan\s child soldiers: Children are tools to achieve God\s will. And whatever comes your way, you sacrifice it.
Pope accused in yet ANOTHER new U.S. predator priest case
Gold Market Manipulation: Biggest scam in the history of financial markets, in excess of $1 trillion, a matter of national security.  How is this not on the front page of every MSM outlet?! [whistle-blower interview]
The students, ages 8 to 21, were on their way to pick up scholarships when apparent drug gang members opened fire and threw grenades after their vehicle failed to stop at a checkpoint.\r\n
Canadians investigating sex abuse charges against \r\ndoctor who used electroshock therapy on gays
Israeli journalist held secretly under house arrest for months, Israels Shin Bet intelligence service has banned news media from mentioning the case or identifying the reporter--LETS EXPOSE THIS
Unbelievable ... Catholic League head Says Abuse not pedophilia because boys were post-pubescent 
Palestinian children are so dehumanized they no longer have a will to live. 
Vatican: Pope has immunity in sex abuse trials 
Newly leaked CIA report analyzes how U.S. Government can best manipulate public opinion in Germany and France to ensure that those countries continue to fight in Afghanistan. Celebrates fact that governments of those two nations continue in defiance of overwhelming public opinion
Writer Simon Singh wins libel appeal
Indian law goes into effect today making education compulsory and free for all kids 6-14
US Justice Dept sues KBR for improper costs in Iraq\n
Vatican Shoots the Messenger ... Lashes Out At The New York Times Over Sex Abuse Coverage
Police officers must face trial by jury
To those who say moderate Muslims should take a stand against hardliners, I present Hissa Hilal, a heroic poet and finalist in an Arab Idol competition, Million\s Poet.
Lebanon and Saudi Arabia are in the midst of a low-level diplomatic feud over a Lebanese man sentenced to die in Saudi Arabia for witchcraft. In other news, its 2010.
18 gunmen die in attack on two army bases in Mexico
Pirates fire at US Warship, US Warship pwns pirates. 
Letter shows Pope Paul VI knew of child abuse decades ago
Israel faces Year Zero: Jewish moderates, Palestinians and even some right-wing settlers are increasingly talking about the unthinkable: A One-state Solution.
Israel has no good reason to keep the Gaza Strip closed off.
Sweden bans fake boobs over explosion risk - The PIP implants were outlawed by the French drug administration after a slew of reports that they had a tendency to burst due to an erroneous mixture of silicon.
George Soros and CIA behind WikiLeaks according to ex-NSA Wayne Madsen [ha!]
NZ to back Japanese whale hunt
India : Stop treating army men like beggars, SC to govt
Rushed From Haiti, Then Jailed for Lacking Visas
Payback time for Mugabe and cronies as White farmers grab properties - AfriForum a civil rights group that brought the application on behalf of the farmers, seized a luxury property belonging to the Zim govt, in what they say is a significant step towards compensation for Zim farmers...
More Than Two-Dozen Countries Complicit In US Torture Program
Saddam Husseins shift to petro-euros was a reason the US attacked Iraq. Is this why Iran will be attacked? 
Wikileaks has released the announced video showing the deaths of Iraqi civilians and two Reuters journalists.
6.9 Earthquake just hit in Mexico
WikiLeaks is planning to release video of an Afghan massacre and the subsequent cover-up this morning at 9:00 AM at the National Press Club. Will they make it?
Collateral Murder - Wikileaks video showing cover-up of murder of civilians and journalists through US forces in Iraq
Finally!! The BBC covers the posting of the wikileaks killing video.
Great Barrier Reef rammed by Chinese coal ship
With the release of the Wikileaks video, the frontpage of CNN has Tiger Woods and the frontpage of AlJazeera English has the Wikileaks video.
not a single case where we have...hurt someone has it turned out that the vehicle had a suicide bomb or weapons in it and, in many cases, had families in it... We\ve shot an amazing number of people and killed a number and, to my knowledge, none has proven to have been a real threat to the force.
U.S. Admits Role in Killing of Afghan Women - NYTimes.com
Nato kills women in Afghanistan; denies when asked about it; finally admits to it when overwhelmed with evidence
Israeli Settlers Attack Palestinian Resident, Throw Acid At Him
If you cant access youtube right now. Here is the transcript of the wikileaks video.
The 2 main UK political parties, who are for the Digital Economy Bill, have broken their own rules.
So far Al Jazeera is the only news network to pick up the  Collateral Murder story. It will be interesting to see if this becomes a watershed or a whisper.
MSNBC Panel discusses Wikileaks\ Collateral Murder Video--more videos to be released.
Photo Essay: photographer enters North Korea by posing as a businessman looking to open a chocolate factory. 
Wikileaks releases video of journalists murder
Missing link between man and apes found
China rescues 114 from flooded mine
Satellite time-lapse photography captures todays earthquake kicking up plumes of dust in Mexico.
BBC News - WikiLeaks posts killing video
Secret tape reveals Tory backing for ban on gays
Wikileaks video shows helicopter footage in iraq of civilians and reporters being identified as hostiles and gunned down. Scary shit
South Africas ruling party ANC is planning Zimbabwe-style land invasions of white farmers after the FIFA 2010 World Cup
US special forces tried to cover-up botched Khataba raid in Afghanistan
Crisis in Kyrgyzstan [pics]
189 to 47. Your MPs didnt give a shit. Digital Economy Bill passed.
Six men arrested in Israel for organ traffic: IDF brigadier-general among them
Excellent overview of the Digital Economy Bill, and what it means for UK citizens. TL;DR: Yep, still fucked.
UK Digital Economy Bill provokes anger at political stitch-up
The Armenian Genocide and the Turks - The month of April marks the 95th anniversary of the start of the Armenian genocide. An unusual television documentary shows what motivated the murderers and why Germany, and other countries, remained silent.
British Army builds fake Mosques on its firing range.
Why do Finlands schools get the best results?
Nazia Quazi, a 24-year old Canadian/Indian woman with a CS degree, has been trapped against her will in Saudi Arabia by her abusive father for 2 years.
The opposition in Kyrgyzstan says it has dissolved parliament and taken power, after a bloody uprising forced the president to flee the capital
BBC Journalist thrown out of South African press conference with the words: Don\t come here with that white tendency, go out bastard, bloody agent. 
BBC News - US President Barack Obama and the Russian leader, Dmitry Medvedev, are due to sign a landmark nuclear arms treaty in the Czech capital, Prague.
My (former) intern and (forever) friend is in the middle of the Kyrgyzstan Crisis.  Here is his report.
New landslip hits Rio de Janeiro: dead toll has risen to 150, dozens of people remain unaccounted for after the heaviest rains in decades
Airline considers fee for lavatory use 
Axing came out of blue, says radio psychic
Israel gag order lifted: Israeli reporter is revealed to be accused of espionage for giving Haaretz newspaper top-secret information
Wikileaks: Excellent interview with local witnesses made the day after the 2007 attack on civilians (forward to 13:40). According to locals the man that was run over by the Bradley to the sound of chopper pilots laughing, was still alive.
A recent example is the US air force video, which it published, noted Hemming. Copyright exists with the US Government, who under the Bill could, and would want to, apply to ban WikiLeaks from the UK. That provision is clearly in the Bill. Welcome to Oceania.
1963 letter shows former pope knew of abuse
NATO Admits U.S. Forces Killed Innocent Pregnant Women in Afghanistan
Qatari Diplomat Arrested as Shoe Bomber, Causes Massive Terror Panic: in-flight air marshall grew suspicious and asked why the bathroom smelled of smoke, Modadi mockingly retorted that he was trying to set his shoes on fire
Reuters staff unhappy by Reuters coverage of killings
UK MPs: Chavs should not get benefits
Gold Fraud Bombshell: Canadas Only Bullion Bank Gold Vault Is Practically Empty...WTF?!
I dont know about you, but I cant trust Reddit to be my aggregator of political/world news.
Iraq War Vet: We Were Told to Just Shoot People, and the Officers Would Take Care of Us
The Full Version of The Wikileaks Video Is Missing 30 Minutes of Footage
bottled water - its a racket
Yemen child bride bleeds to death
U.S. woman returns adopted son to Russia by putting him on a plane with a letter reading, in part, I no longer wish to parent this child
Two British policemen jailed for cruelty against woman in custody
Israeli PM says he wont go to Nuclear Summit 
Man goes to Dubai, poses as a top U.S. plastic surgeon and proceeds to perform numerous botched kitchen table cosmetic surgeries.  Now he has been arrested.  This is Dubai we\re talking about.  I just wonder what part do you get cut off for this offense?
The copyright battle now concerns us all. Draft text confirms reports of world body to oversee copyright, intellectual property
Bangladesh, High Court: You can not impose the veil on women
Bishop in the Catholic Church admits the church has an archive of abusive priests. Says he is considering sharing it with the police but reminds us that the church is above the law. Reason for not coming forward sooner? It was said under confession..
As democracy unravels at home, the west thuggishly exports it elsewhere
Legal fight over Plumpynut, the hunger wonder-product 
Al Qaeda threatens to attack World Cup Football finals
Wikileaks predicted it would be accused of editorializing for calling the Apache footage murder; take a closer look at the Orwell quote that opens the edited version; it\s from an Orwell essay entitled Politics and the English Language
 \t\n\nRatzinger stalled pedophile case: \nAP obtains letter signed by future Pope discouraging action against priest.
Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu has cancelled a visit to the US where he was to attend a summit on nuclear security, Israeli officials say.
Digital Economy Bill:  tell the rightsholders we\ll see them in court. - Talk Talk (UK ISP)
After a two-year battle that has killed more than 5,000 people, Mexico\s most powerful kingpin now controls the coveted trafficking routes through Ciudad Juarez. That conclusion by U.S. intelligence adds to evidence that Joaquin El Chapo Guzman\s Sinaloa cartel is winning Mexico\s drug war.
Thailands red-shirt protesters occupy TV station 
The True Inside Story of the Catastrophic Mexican Drug Wars
Kyrgyzstan: a Russian revolution? - Russian prime minister Vladimir Putin moved quickly today to recognise the new powers-that-be in Kyrgyzstan while disavowing any role in the overthrow of President Kurmanbek Bakiyevs regime.
Family found living in a filthy two-storey house with 600 free roaming rabbits, a cat and dog. Nearly all of the rabbits have been euthanized so far.
Japans debt problem: Sleepwalking toward disaster
The story BCG offered me $16,000 not to tell : With a diligent enough effort, one can morally justify nearly anything.
Dawkins comments on Times article: I did NOT say \I will arrest Pope Benedict XVI or anything so personally grandiloquent ... The Sunday Times is a Murdoch newspaper\.
The Vatican finally decides that bishops and other high-ranking clerics should report such crimes to police , but only if required by law. The remains of anything humane has finally bled out of the Vatican.
The man behind Wikileaks: We have had to spread assets, encrypt everything, and move telecommunications and people around the world to activate protective laws in different national jurisdictions
Ahmadinejad urges UN chief Ban Ki-moon to launch an investigation into the September 11, 2001 attacks on the United States
Hamas is forcing other Gaza Palestinian factions to guarantee they do not launch rockets or mortar bombs at Israel
What is a Zimbawe Prison like.
Bishop blames Jews for criticism of Catholic church record on abuse. I want a ringside seat!
Vatican forgives Beatles for Satanic messages, rather than focus on the international abuse scandal
Blast rocks MI5 office near Belfast
Priest accused of child porn possession
Fr. Maciel was the greatest fundraiser of the modern Roman Catholic church. Behind that exalted faade, however, Maciel was a notorious pedophile, and a man who fathered several children by different women!
2010 Pulitzer Prize winners
Russian leader gently snubs Bush: Obama is a thinker
Poland Mourns [pics]
Tasmanian Hookers Learn Tough Side Of Supply-And-Demand Economics.
Afghan Civilians Attacked By NATO Troops: Four Killed, 18 Wounded In Kandahar
Digital Economy Act likely to increase households targeted for piracy: Fears increase that law firms may hone in on innocent web users who dont illegally download
Obama is a great guy to deal with - Medvedev
Riots on the streets of Bangkok - 25 dead
Graffiti rules ! - The government of Venezuela is increasingly making street art a central element of its promotion of a state ideology.
Conviction a nurse for patients deaths does not add up: Imagine I am firing a thousand machinegun bullets into the side of a barn. I remove my blindfold, find three bullets very close together and paint a target around them. Then I announce that I am an Olympic standard rifleman.
Today the Icelandic nation gets a first hand look into the reasons why the economic collapse was so bad here....
BBC News - Apollo 13: Nasas finest hour?
Top anti-racism judge shot dead in Moscow
Immersion in propaganda: how North Koreans see themselves
Israel Celebrates Holocaust Irony Week -- A Day after Israel stops to remember the holocaust, they implement a law that allows Israel to deport 10s of thousands of Palestinians for not showing their papers, something even Palestinians who were born in the west bank do not have.
US Military warns of impending oil shortages.  How many of you are aware that your way of life is soon going to change dramatically and permanently?
WikiLeaks plans to post video showing US massacre of Afghani civilians
The greatest reason to strike EVER
Microsoft allegedly outsourcing child labor in China: We are like prisoners... We do not have a life, only work.
The case against Benedict rests on international laws potential to judge all alike. No wonder the powerful are resisting it.
The Americans are constantly killing our civilians and the government is\nnot demanding an explanation. We demand justice from the Karzai\ngovernment and the punishment of those soldiers responsible.\n local resident Mohammad Razaq
Cameraman calls Muslim father a fucking terrorist \r\non national television
Unrest in Chinas cities - \nThe simmering anger of urban China
Australian state government announces intention to ignore rulings handed down by courts and keep people in prison after their sentences have ended
Mexican cartel sends a large number of gunmen to help another cartel wage war against the Zetas, a gang notorious for beheading their enemies.
Anti-American anger grows in Afghanistan
Smart, experienced observers of the Middle East are talking, and AIPAC isnt going to like it.
Brazil rejects new Iran sanctions 
Canada to send all of its enriched uranium stockpiles to the US
Turkey, Brazil Come out against new Iran sanctions at Security Summit
Israeli hypocrisy this Holocaust Remembrance Day | Al Jazeera Blogs
Israel warns citizens to leave Sinai amid evidence of a Palestinian kidnapping plot
Hungary has Turned into a Grubby Hive of Nationalism
Glacier breaks in Peru, causing tsunami in Andes
WHO Appoints H1N1 Cover-Up Committee
Popes birthplace sprayed with abusive graffiti - ABC News
Kyrgyz president offers to resign  
The housing bubbles in Miami and Dubai may be followed by China.
Australia is Piiiiiiiissed - Arrests Crew Members of Chinese Coal Ship that trashed the Great Barrier Reef
My friend, Aamir, 17, was murdered in Cardiff on Sunday. [news link]
Scientists say they have found clear proof that meat from whales captured under Japans whaling programme is being sold in US and Korean eateries.
Anti-rape condom ready for SA World Cup - The Rape-aXe, as it is called, is a condom women can insert themselves. The interior has tiny spines which, in case of rape, attach to the mans penis.
Israeli settlers attacked a Palestinian village yesterday in the middle of the night.  Mosque was ransacked, 300 olive trees are uprooted (which serve as income for farmers), 2 cars were set ablaze and racist slogans were spray-painted in Hebrew around town.
Not all sex workers are victims (UK): We are facing not a feminist measure, but an ideology that sees women as unable to be sexually independent and free of their own actions. 
Japan annual whale hunt halved by activists: Clashes at sea between Sea Shepherd and the whaling ships paralysed the hunt for days 
6.9-magnitude earthquake hit western China 
A volcano erupts under a glacier in Iceland. Hundreds evacuated.
Vatican comment draws gay anger
Clerics support for men and women mingling in public sparks furor in Saudi Arabia: Sheikh Ahmed al-Ghamdi recently declared that nothing in Islam bans men and women from mixing in public places like schools and offices.
Polish crash site in Russia [Vid]
Israel confiscates ALL visiting iPads
Millions of cellphones off-line in Mexico
Terrible earthquake kills hundreds in China - 7.1 magnitude quake. At least 300 estimated dead
Stern, serious, socialist North Korea has carved out a spot in TV history for having one of the worlds longest running comedy shows, despite it being mostly devoid of jokes for the decades it has been on the air.
Iraq Vets: Coverage of Atrocities Is Too Little, Too Late
Stephen Colberts surprisingly-frank interview with Wikileaks Editor/Co-Founder Julian Assange.
Islamic extremists threaten Somali radio stations over un-Islamic music, make most of them broadcast animal, ocean and gunfire noises
6.9 earthquake near China/India border. Another correct prediction.
Quake kills 67 people in remote Chinese Qinghai region 
 row about how to name the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories has scuppered a 43-nation scheme for managing Mediterranean water resources.
A US priest has urged Pope Benedict XVI to step down
Vatican reacts to gay abuse claim
China shows of its Shock and Awe Fighter Jets
After finding two groups of males the force  executed all of them using silenced weapons.  Unfortunately, it appears that the Special Ops team had not entered the sleeping quarters of an IED cell, but the dormitory of a private school for boys.\n
All London flights grounded as volcanic ash from Iceland closes UK airports
Zionists groups have banned Justice Richard Goldstone from his own grandsons bar mitzvah as punishment for his role in the UN fact finding mission that found evidence of Israeli and Hamas war crimes.
From a Veteran to the Freedom Fighter Who Shot Me
This is why your UK flight has been cancelled. Volcanic ash spreading above the UK and Nordic areas. [PIC]
H(.)(.)ters in China: The massive contradictions that are busting out in a sexually repressed society... theyre just huge.
Russia shuts plutonium arms plant:  The closure of the reactor came after Mr Obama and Mr Medvedev signed a nuclear disarmament treaty, described by both sides as a major step towards improving strained US-Russian relations. 
Legalize It: 22,000 Dead in 3-year Mexican Drug War 
There he was, five decades later, the priest who had raped Joe Callander in Massachusetts. The photo in the Roman Catholic newsletter showed him with a smile across his wrinkled face, near-naked Amazon Indian children in his arms and at his feet.
US adoptions of Russian children have been halted, a week after a Russian boy was rejected by his adoptive mother in the American state of Tennessee.
Six-figure salaries the norm at top charities 
So UK redditers who do you think won the first election debate? 
Australia faces huge locust plague
The Digital Economy Bill has betrayed the young: \r\nPositive engagement with the digital generation \r\ninterests the political classes only when they want \r\nsomething from us
Gay outrage over cardinals child abuse comment
Africans combine Islam, Christianity and paganism without batting an eye.
Volcano ash alert hits UK flights (TIL there\s a Volcanic Ash Advisory Centre)
Charity that sued UK Ministry of Defence has named two men who ended up in the infamous dark prison at Bagram in Afghanistan after being handed to US forces by members of the SAS
Goldstone banned by SA Zionists
Syria: Israels Scud accusation may be pretense for attack
Desperate battle to shore up Chinese quake dam
Russian security forces release hitlist of black widow terrorists
A Catholic priest is one of eight men police arrested during a prostitution sting.
Russia suspends U.S. adoptions
A huge ash cloud is moving over the UK \r\n- 90% of flights cancelled!
Irish Government in secret talks about internet censorship
Nick Cleggs rise could lock Rupert Murdoch and the media elite out of UK politics 
Millions stolen from Iraq rebuilding: Special task force is analyzing every transaction and person connected to Iraq reconstruction funding in order to hold people accountable
 two girls living in Northern Ireland have been made the subject of a court order to stop them being forced into marriage in Pakistan
Dramatic footage of ash and lightning above Iceland volcano
Forget Eyjafjallajokull, Mt. Katla Is Now Getting Ready To Rumble
$2 billion wind-energy project in Romania, largest in world, 5x larger than Europes current largest, 3x proposed offshore Massachusetts project
Iceland volcano causes fall in carbon emissions as eruption grounds aircraft
Tibetans need your help in the wake of the recent earthquake, over 100,000 are homeless.
Palestinian state certain - Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak says Israel must eventually give Palestinians their independence.
TOKYO  Thousands of people rallied on a remote Japanese island Sunday, protesting against a possible government move to relocate a major U.S. air base there.
Lesbian couple becomes first same sex couple to sign joint birth certificate
The Israeli Embassy reopened in Wellington, New Zealand, today, after an eight-year absence. Apparently the relationship was screwed after two reported Mossad agents were caught and jailed for trying to illegally obtain New Zealand passports in 2004, while 2 others escaped.
Military Increasingly Convinced of N.Korean Sub Attack
BBC News - Nick Clegg brands Labour and Conservatives desperate
Britain handed over prisoners in Afghanistan to be tortured
Saudi poachers boast of killing endangered animals in YouTube video
Afghan children are dying: The government told them it was finally safe to come back - even built them a clinic, a school, a playground. But what goods a playground when you have nothing to eat?
Defense Minister Ehud Barak said there is no reason for a war to break out this summer: Israel must allow the Palestinians to rule themselves
Melbourne Gangland killer Carl Williams, beaten to death in prison.
Indias unease about strategic power, and its resemblance to a gigantic European Union united only by the English language, reflects its ongoing search for a new international identity. In this quest, India is impaired by its lack of practice in the exercise of power on a grand scale.
Should Pope Benedict step down? The case against him for collusion in child sex-abuse is much stronger than the case against a number of Irish bishops who have been forced to resign.
Catholic Church in Worst Credibility Crisis Since Reformation, Theologian Tells Bishops
The economic impact of the Iceland volcano cloud: European countries wouldn\t get any growth this year
Yemeni lawmaker: Banning child marriage unIslamic, part of Western agenda; also imagine a young man of 13 or 14 years of age who wants to have sex.  This is a violation of his rights.
Burials in Tibet. NOT FOR SENSITIVE SOULS! [pics]
Now we know the truth. The financial meltdown wasnt a mistake  it was a con
Google now publicly displaying government requests to remove data from their sites.
Iraqi secret prison revealed, a torture and holding cell for minority Sunni leadership.
Goldman Sachs: A great vampire squid wrapped around the face of humanity, relentlessly jamming its blood funnel into anything that smells like money
Sherpa team plans to clean Everests death zone 
China just pricked its housing bubble. First-home buyers must pay no less than 30 percent of the the property price if the area is above 90 square meters. 2nd-home has to pay 50% down payment.
Goldman Sachs wasnt the only company behind the con.
Dozens protest over Egyptian MP\s statement No need to use water cannons to disperse demonstrators; they must open fire at them with live bullets.
Iraq: Secret torture jail? Hey look over there, we just killed two senior al Qaida leaders!
Secret prison revealed in Baghdad, held hundreds of Sunni men at the facility. The U.S. fears that the news will stoke instability. (Q: Didnt the US support Saddam Hussein when he was doing the same thing?)
Secret prison revealed in Baghdad
Zimbabwe\s Mugabe bashes gays again: Those that engage in such acts are insane. We cannot tolerate this, otherwise the dead will rise against us.
I hate my country!!!
UK going after Goldman Sachs too. The Financial Services Authority (FSA) is starting a formal enforcement investigation into Goldman Sachs in relation to recent fraud allegations.
How an Icelandic volcano helped spark the French Revolution
 IMF proposes two big new bank taxes to fund bail-outs
No deal with Cameron after the election, say Lib Dem voters. 
The volcano eruption in Iceland has strengthened and a new ash cloud is spreading south and east towards the UK
Al-Qaeda Chief In Iraq: Captured, Killed, Never Actually Existed, Re-Captured, Now Killed Again
UK airports set to reopen
Catholic Church in Latin America finally uncovers its pedophile priests
Costa Rican election result hides complex reality
Water aerobics class halted by croc in pool
Promiscuous women are responsible for earthquakes.  Its a price worth paying.
Explicit mention of religion is seen as un-British, a bit American and a turn-off to the electorate.
Yesterday, Israel delivered demolition warrants to Palestinians in Halhul village in the West Bank, informing that their homes and water reservoir will be destroyed.
Argentinas former military President has been sentenced to 25 years for human rights abuses: Guilty of involvement in 56 cases of murder, torture and kidnappings
Experts Warn of Impending Phosphorus Crisis
France to put forward a bill to ban the wearing of Islamic veils in public places
South Park creators warned: Poking fun at Muhammed could invite deadly Muslim rage\n
Filmed deep underground on the border between Gaza and Egypt, the mobile phone footage obtained by the BBC is conclusive proof of what has been rumored in Gaza since last year - the tunnelling operation is now so advanced that entire brand new cars are now being smuggled into Gaza.
UK Generals: Britain should be prepared to scrap its nuclear deterrent
Iran Facts vs. Iran Hype
Brazil priest *DETAINED* after pedophilia accusation
Brazil, US, UK lead number of requests to Google for user data and censorship
Top Russian judge Eduard Chuvashov assassinated in revenge attack after sentencing gangs of racist murderers, and while investigating corrupt FSB men 
Hitachi claims they didn\t know that the 25% shareholder of Hitachi South Africa is a front company for the ruling party (which awarded a $5bn tender to Hitachi South Africa).
Two North Korean assassins arrested in South Korea
Those naughty Germans
Draft of Secretive International Copyright Treaty Leaked -- Confirms Fears About Internet Freedom
Global bank tax urged by IMF
North Korea plotted to kill high profile defector . Two North Koreans, said to have been posing as defectors themselves, have been arrested on suspicion of being on a mission to kill Hwang Jang-yop.
Airlines - led by Ryanair (oh surprise) - say theyll defy European regulations on covering passenger care costs
Australians (in 1919) edit film of Gallipoli showing Irish and New Zealand soldiers fighting so that it looks like Australian soldiers instead 
German troops in Afghanistan call on Angela Merkel to explain why theyre at war - They want the Chancellor, their ultimate boss, to finally find the clear words to put the war against the Taliban into black and white, Bild Zeitung, Germanys biggest daily paper, said today.
Afghan Snipers Using Old Rifles Issued by CIA
Is the Aral Sea coming back from the dead?
Truth Is Often The First Casualty Of War - Germanys defense minister is set to testify about his knowledge of a deadly attack in Afghanistan that resulted in civilian deaths. German commentators say the inquiry into whether politicians lied is essential.
The World Bank releases all its collected statistics for free
1 canadian dollar &gt; 1 US dollar
UK Election: Todays front pages. Are these newspapers or attack ads?
South Koreas military believes a torpedo fired from a North Korean submarine sank its navy ship last month, based on intelligence gathered jointly with the United States, a news report said on Thursday.
Top Gear Takes Blame for Volcano Eruption in Iceland 
Belgian law banning burqua calls for fine or jail.  First such law in Europe set to take effect.
Ruperts Son James Murdoch Storms Into Rival Newspapers Newsroom shouting What Are You F*@!ing Playing At?
Despite what the media tells you, crime in Britain is at a thirty year low
Southern Sudan brews beer: Out of reach of the Islamic Khartoum government, beer is made and drunk.
With women hidden out of sight in Afghan society, rich and powerful men turned their attention to boys aged 11 and up, dressing them in feminine clothes, adorning them with bells and trinkets and training them as twirling, dancing dolls.
South Korean ship sunk by crack squad of human torpedoes 
Afghan Massacre Survivor To Obama: You Be The Judge (VIDEO)
Ryanair announces it will refuses to obey EU passenger rights laws and will not cover hotel and meal expenses for stranded passengers - lawbreakers need to be punished - complain to the European Commission 
Movie theaters and bars were forced to close for 24 hours, video games disappeared from the Internet and televised movies and soap operas were abruptly replaced by an emotional news loop produced by the countrys central broadcaster.
Dozens injured in Bangkok blasts
Iceland volcano: why we were lucky we werent wiped out
Jerusalem must be shared by both Israelis and Palestinians, an Israeli activist group says, in response to the recent Washington Post ads.
IDF walks into a Palestinian village and starts shooting at people. They claim Palestinians were throwing rocks at the soldiers. Turns out the IDF was fibbing, well either that or Palestinians can throw rocks 100 meters far with perfect accuracy.
Rockets hit Jordan from Egypt.  Two small missiles were launched from the Sinai, allegedly aimed at Israel.
Whats the worst company in the USA? Cash4Gold, Bank of America, Ticketmaster, and Comcast round out the top four
Apparently, a guy who shot a video of gunfire at the \r\npolish plane crash site was murdered a few days \r\nago.
CNN and Haartez each have an article quoting a poll about what American Jews think of how Obama is handling Israel and the Middle East.  They completely contradict one another ...
Google not interested in privacy, say information tsars
The Corrupt Reign of Emperor Silvio - Another terrific piece from Stille, on Berlusconi\s sex scandals. He has transformed the political life of a major nation into a reality TV show in which he is star, producer, and network owner
Taiwan Touch Panel Sceen Workers Struggle For Basic Rights
The hotel assault was reportedly mounted by up to 50 gunmen who seized cars to block streets, slowing the police. 
A Saudi law firm claiming to represent 94,000 descendants of the prophet Mohammed sues Danish newspapers. Now a new group countersues on behalf of all the non-Muslims whom Mohammed defamed and insulted in the Koran, demanding offending passages be changed or removed.
Murdochs newspaper The Sun has been found to be discarding political poll results it has commissioned if they dont say what it wants
Rupert Murdoch\s son James storms Independent newsroom, furious about declaration Rupert Murdoch wont decide this election  you will
Sun censored poll that showed support for Lib Dems 
Belgium to ban Islamic veils in public, making it the first European country to ban the wearing of the burqa or niqa
Five Israelis, including a retired army general, charged with organ trafficking
Boobquake - Purdue student using the combined force of cleavage from across the world to test Iranian clerics claim that immodesty causes earthquakes. Spread the word!
Britain is a country with a large liberal-left majority.
Airline pilot cleared of role in 9/11 after nine years of hell - Lotfi Raissi eligible for up to 2m compensation after wrongful imprisonment and damage to health
Chinese premier publicly commemorate Tiananmen Square hero for the first time since 1989, subtly encourages political reform
In yet another snub to Obama, Netanyahu: There will be no building freeze in Jerusalem
Netanyahu Commits to Colonizing East Jerusalem; First Palestinian Expelled under new Policy
France also bans Female Muslim tourists from wearing their veils in public
Obesity in Australia: We\ll soon be fat as Americans, health experts warn as obesity overtakes smoking as the biggest killer of Aussies.
Your only hope for rescue is the destruction of the Jews before they destroy you! Hitler said in a 1942 message, one of thousands broadcast across the Middle East in an attempt to woo the Arab world. 
The saviour of Sarajevo barred from public office for being a Jew
Car Bomb Explodes Outside Northern Ireland Police Station
Ninja slug among rainforest finds
German bishop accused of beating children decades ago when he was a priest has resigned
Stranded US citizens get a real taste of Irish hospitality
Soaring unemployment, pay freezes for millions, but... Billions more for bankers
Danish cartoonist Kurt Westergaard: South Park creators should voice protest.
Internet spoofs unspoofable Conservative poster
The prison population in England and Wales has reached a record high, exceeding 85,000 for the first time.
Dozens of gunmen blockade the street, raid two hotels, and abduct six people after searching most of the fifth floor at 3:00 AM in Monterrey, Mexico
European push to ban burqas appalls Afghan women. What is the difference between forcing women to wear a burqa and forcing them not to? It is discrimination.
China To Force Sterilize 10,000 To Curb Births
Church scandals next wave: Abused girls
A cruise missile in a shipping container - on sale for 10m
From North Korea: understatement of the year
Iran has struck a secret deal with Zimbabwes Mugabe regime to mine its untapped uranium reserves for its nuclear programme
Toyota says its global sales have surged by more than a quarter despite the carmaker having to recall millions of vehicles worldwide because of safety concerns.
Who knew? The polish president had a backup twin who is now running for the presidency.
Slum clearance, South Africa-style
China opens missile plant in Iran - Unlike Russia, China has been very successful in offering Iran technology and capabilities that are actually wanted, as opposed to those that might be \nice to have.\
Haiti Wants Food Aid to Stop
UK authorities breached obligations to protect citizens by not acting on details they had about the 7/7 bombers before the attacks, a court has heard.
Mexico: Jurez nears 5,000 killings
Japan says it is not interested in cutting its whaling program in the Antarctic in return for being allowed to resume commercial whaling in coastal waters.
Honduran Slain in Hospital by Killer Disguised as Nurse
Officials: East Jerusalem construction in de facto freeze 
Hunted for body parts, Tanzanias albinos get help from B.C. man - Canadian businessman puts up $1-million to shut lucrative trade with African witch doctors
Afghan protesters torched 16 NATO convoy trucks carrying fuel for Western troops
The Palestinian Centre for Human Rights has accused Hamas of acting illegally when it halted the salients first-ever rap concert during the weekend. 
Thousands protest in Ukraine over deal with Russia
How is that democracy we delivered you working out?
Israel is cracking down on the Palestinian Authoritys financial support of nonviolent public protest against the occupation in the West Bank.
Family wins human rights case over a school which reprimanded their son for not eating like a Canadian.
China: We will not go along with US Sanctions
Chernobyl Radiation Killed Nearly One Million People: New Book
Not Even in South Park? 
WTF CNN? Compare CNN to *real* world news with this new mashup.
Israel transferring people from West Bank to Gaza, splitting families and disregarding international law
Amateur model known as Katya revealed as Russian honeytrap bait
Russias President Dmitry Medvedev,has ordered Soviet files concerning the massacre of some 22,000 Polish officers, intellectuals and priests in the Katyn woods to be opened.
Routine torture, including electric shocks and sexual abuse, was inflicted on detainees held in a secret prison in Baghdad
German tabloids campaign for Greece to leave the euro
Israel has given itself the right to forcefully move Palestinians out of the West Bank who dont have a permit. Permit is not defined at all, it can be anything the person in charge wants it to be. This is setting precedent to force thousands of Palestinians to move to Gaza
Prime Minister Gordon Brown has been caught on microphone describing a voter he had just spoken to in Rochdale as a bigoted woman.
It would impossible to reveal secret MI5 files about the 7/7 London terror attacks, a court has been told.
Okinawans say the U.S. military has been responsible \r\nfor a number of blights in Okinawa, from serious \r\ncrimes like rape and drunken driving, to \r\nenvironmental and noise pollution.
Rating Agencies Strike Again - First they were off about how good U.S. mortgage securities were. Now theyre causing havoc in the EU by downgrading the bond ratings of several countries.
Irelands bombed head shops spark debate over Irish drug policy. 
Shell profits surge by 49%....always great to hear big oil doing so well
Greece infection spreads as stricken nations debt is rated junk
EU on the edge of the abyss - If the Greek crisis is not addressed, Portugal will come under intense pressure, contagion might then spread to Ireland, Italy or Spain, the other euro-area countries with some mixture of big budget deficits, poor growth prospects and high debts.  
Greece might need up to 120 Billion Euros, according to German parliamentarians.
Israeli Law Enforcement Cracks Down on Alleged Political Corruption - Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert could be sent to prison if he is convicted in a high-profile corruption trial
Suntanned women to be arrested under Islamic dress code 
Freedom of the press in Turkey further under \r\nattack: Journalist faces prison threat for reporting \r\non judiciary crisis in Turkey
Lawmakers in Ukraine scuffled with each other, throwing punches and eggs, as parliament met Tuesday to ratify a treaty with Russia that extends the latters navy presence in the Ukraines Crimean peninsula until 2042.
The Argentinian Supreme Court overturned pardons of a dictatorship-era president and economy minister, paving the way for them to be tried for kidnapping and extortion.
Kim Jong Ils new plan may be to attack and occupy Seoul
Greece bans short-selling as panic spreads, Shares tumble across Britain, Europe and Asia after the cost of insuring Greek debt against default hits a 14-year high 
A US Coast Guard official says if leaks from an oil well in the Gulf of Mexico are not stemmed soon, they could cause one of the worst spills in US history.
China has lost a 2000 Olympics bronze medal because the gymnast was proven to have been underage.
Women flock to Senegal for sex
When Palestinians violently react to Israels criminal behavior theyre murdered by Israel, when they peacefully react theyre murdered by Israel but with much less coverage
To people bitching about CNN, it sucks, so just stop watching it and checking their site.
  Can You Disappear In Surveillance Britain?\n\nBriton shocked by government data-gathering, angered by ubiquitous closed-circuit television, tries to disappear for a month, pays detectives to track him down. Publicity stunt, but revealing\n
Israeli Soldier Sprays Pepper Spray Directly Into The Eyes Of Handcuffed Palestinean Youth (PIC) 
Taliban leader has been killed seven times by US
Many observers assign a large part of the blame for the 2008 financial crisis to the big three credit rating agencies, which gave their AAA seal of approval to worthless investments. Now those same agencies are helping to bring the euro zone to its knees -- and no one is trying to stop them
The precepts of any one religion  any belief system  cannot, by force of their religious origins, sound any louder in the general law than the precepts of any other. If they did, those out in the cold would be less than citizens... UK Law keeps religion at bay - hooray!
Newest Israeli Tourism Map wipes away West Bank. 
Spain downgraded, Europe debt crisis widens
Drone pilots could be tried for war crimes.
Israeli soldiers Wednesday opened fire on a group on non-violent protesters in Gaza killing a 20-year old Palestinian.
The so-called Vatican City, a political nonentity covering about 0.17 square miles of Rome, was created by Benito Mussolini in 1929 as part of his sweetheart deal between fascism and the papacy.  ... Its bogus claim to statehood is now being used to give asylum to men like Cardinal Law.
Gaza tunnel deaths: 4 die in smuggling tunnel after toxic gas pumped in, then dynamite used to blow it up.
Bishop: Priests think child abuse doesnt break celibacy
Report: Afghan violence up 90% | \nDefense officials see encouraging trends even with 240% spike in IEDs.
Flocking eastern European here. Just sayin - Wrong reaction to Brown.
Burka banned in Belgium..
Top secret space plane has Americas enemies scared. Is it a space bomber? Thats what the Iranians are asking - and they have every reason to be spooked
Australian Prime Minister launches double attack on smokers
Australia Bans Logos, Branding From Cigarette Packs
ID cards required to use public internet - UAE govt
Space balloon wipes out car [Video]
Harsh realities in Mexico
Christian preacher arrested for saying homosexuality is a sin
Israeli documents detailing the collective punishment over Gazans revealed: Large range of goods currently forbidden to enter Gaza are jam, chocolate, wood for furniture, fruit juice, textiles, and plastic toys
Iran offers help in fighting Gulf of Mexico oil leak
Kim Jong-il is in China trying to negotiate desperately needed food aid.
This is what you do with terrorists. Give them a fair trial and convict them.
Greece erupts as men from IMF prepare to wield axe
Charlie Brooker: Which leaders public persona do you prefer?
Journalist freed from Gaza jail (with a We know where you live) vows to fight for imprisoned journalists
Ireland to re-impose flight bans
Deepwater Horizon oil spill: turtle deaths soar amid fight to save wildlife (The picture accompanying this article makes me so sad...)
Human trafficking and sex slavery take place at the doorstep of the South African World Cup Stadiums, but FIFA looks away, says Benjamin Skinner, author of A crime so monstrous 
Europes Amazing Web Of Debt
Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi talked to the SPIEGEL about his friendship with Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, the youthful exuberance of his sons, and why he thinks Switzerland is a mafia.
Pakistani Man Convicted in 2008 Mumbai Attacks - in a regular court, not a military tribunal
Government fears Deepwater Horizon well could become unchecked gusher. 
Congo Rebels Are Savages - Cut Lips From Woman For Talking Too Much...
The fear factor: A year after the green uprising, Iranians are no closer to breaking free
Uganda To Obama: Stop Treating Us Like Your Colony - Said Tamale Mirundi: USA is arrogant. They think they can organize for us elections in our own country. We are an independent state. They are our business partners and not our masters.
The Mother of All Bubbles - Huge National Debts Could Push Euro Zone into Bankruptcy - Extensive and thorough analysis of the current situation in Europe
Islamist Insurgents Seize a Pirate Base in Somalia - NYTimes.com
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad left Sunday for the United States to take part in a conference on nuclear nonproliferation
Sole Surviving Gunman of Mumbai Attacks Has Been Convicted by an Indian Court.
Egyptians Protest 30 Years of Emergency Law
110 Billion Euro Package - European promises of solidarity with Greece were not enough. Over the weekend, euro zone finance ministers agreed on a 110 billion package for Athens in return for even more Greek austerity measures. Whether it will be enough remains open.
US and Russia to propose ban on WMD in Middle East.  Tough global talks ahead in review of nuclear treaty as Egypt aims to put pressure on west over Israel
China clears murderer after victim shows up alive -- 10 years later. Apparently torturing for confessions with chilli water and fireworks doesnt always work.
Briton jailed for kiss in Dubai condemns Emirates hypocrisy
In Belgium, there are no national political parties, no national newspaper, no national TV channel, no common school curriculum or higher education, and no national football team. There is, however, the national debt, running at 80% of GDP.
After an election that left no party with a clear majority, the final decision over who becomes Britains next prime minister could lie in the hands of one woman who never votes: The queen.
Iran Executes Five Activists, Sending Message to Critics
Mali imam living in fear after backing womens rights
The China model === The Beijing consensus is to keep quiet.  \nIn the West people worry that developing countries want to copy the China model. Such talk makes people in China uncomfortable
Journalist Assaulted for Reporting on Corruption in India
US and British troops march through Red Square for the first time, past the mausoleum of Vladimir Lenin, as Russia celebrates the 65th anniversary of the end of WW II
According to Australian opposition leader, the Earth was hotter when Jesus was around than it is today. Citation needed!
Ordinary Greeks angry at government and rioters: But youth see debt crisis as evidence that the capitalist system is broken.
40,000 Prostitutes Ready For The World Cup
In Uganda, AIDS War Is Falling Apart 
Mercury high in Japanese town that hunts dolphins
Its not a bailout for Greece. Its a bailout for European banks
Central Obrera Boliviana, the largest union in Bolivia and long-time ally of president Evo Morales, has called for an indefinite strike starting tomorrow asking for a bigger increase in wages than the 5% announced last week.
Mass grave find shows Serbia slowly facing up to past
Merkel coalition routed in German state voting
EU parliament urged to investigate H1N1 outbreak
British Pagan police get right to take festivals as holiday
Bombings, drive-by shootings kill at least 84 across Iraq
A man in central China was freed after nearly 10 years in prison for murder after his alleged victim turned up alive ... in a case that raises concerns about police using torture to extract confessions.
WWIIs Operation Mincemeat - The Germans did not realizeuntil it was too latethat William Martin was a fiction. The man they took to be a high-level courier was a mentally ill vagrant who had eaten rat poison; his body had been liberated from a London morgue...
Whats In a Name?  When it comes to oil spills, apparently its a lot. [WashPost]
Interview with Economist Nouriel Roubini:  More crises will come and go before world leaders agree on true reform. Breaking up huge banks would be a good place to start.
Disaster unfolds slowly in the Gulf of Mexico [pics]
Police force their way into home and handcuff a 63 year old man for having a poster saying David Cameron--Wanker in his window
Man who gambled on his life dies
North Korea reports nuclear fusion success
Protesters attempt to storm Irish parliament.  \r\nProtesters angry at Irelands multi-billion efforts to bail out its banks have tried to storm the entrance of the Irish parliament and several have been injured in scuffles with police. 
Worlds Largest Open Border - Bullshit. Young Quebec girl accosted and left stranded in downtown Windsor after attempting to cross the border WITH HER FUCKING PASSPORT.
The EU has given Estonia a green light to join the Eurozone in 2011
Egyptian Emergency Law Is Extended for 2 Years: giving Govt the right to arrest people without charge, detain prisoners indefinitely, limit freedom of expression and assembly, and maintain a special security court
Sweden has expelled a high-ranking Syrian diplomat for allegedly planning to abduct his daughter, Swedish media report.
US planned nerve gas attack on Australian troops: Newly declassified files reveal that US military scientists wanted to bomb and spray 200 mainly Australian troops with the deadly nerve agents in the 1960s
The UK has a new Prime Minister
Personal cellphone data end up for sale at Mexico flea market. The government had asked everyone to register their phones, but many refused, citing fears of spying or other misuse of the data. It turns out they were right.
Samsung declares war on free speech
This is the fith time in a few weeks, what is going on in China?  Man kills eight at Chinese nursery 
My tweet was silly, but the police reaction was absurd Guardian.co.uk blogger on his arrest and prosecution for Twitter airport comment.
A regiment of eunuchs should be established to guard India\s borders and leading politicians, a state minister said, citing their loyalty and integrity
Acid attacker jailed for 30 years for avenging familys dishonour
Another school massacre in China. Its more than a coincidence now. Is this a new form of terrorism against the state?
Citing the Bible, PM of Israel says that Jerusalem and its alternative Hebrew name Zion appear 850 times in the Old Testament and that this proves it is the indivisible capital of Israel
7 children, 2 adults hacked to death with kitchen cleaver in China kindergarten attack 
North Korea Claims Nuclear Fusion
Lone survivor in plane crash this morning (BBC)
Breaking News: Another school-stabbing in China leaves seven dead, at least another 20 wounded
BP throws kitchen sink at oil Geyser. Plans to dump junk in the well; Tires, balls, and other crap.
MI5 faces allegations over torture of British man in Bangladesh
Chomsky said the interrogators had told him he had written things that the Israeli government did not like. I suggested they find any government in the world that likes anything I say, he said.
Hamas destroys dozens of homes in southern Gaza... wait, what?\n      \n    \n\t- Arab News
Protests turn deadly in Thailand [pics]
It\s the greatest bank robbery in world history, and the BANKS ARE DOING THE ROBBING!
Heterosexual couple in court battle for their right to the civil union partnership homosexual couples are allowed...
Israels apartheid road: Israeli army still banning Palestinians from using highway 443. Its bare-faced segregation
Teens murder sparks Facebook privacy plea
London gets a new bus - new Routemaster design unveiled
It\s over in Iran: One year after pro-democracy protests, residents whisper the regime has won.
[T]he chances of a successful succession from the first-generation dictator to his son are roughly one in four, and no grandson of a first-generation dictator has ever succeeded in taking over a regime and consolidating his power.
Robert Fisk: We know all about Guantanamo. I was wrong. Prisoners could be threatened with nightmarish scenarios like rendition to Egypt or Israel where, they would disappear
BPs Oil Spill is Latest Crime in a History of Plunder
G.M. Posts Its First Profit in 3 Years as Sales Rise 40 Percent
There is a new proposal in Sydney where developers have the right to bulldoze ecologically sensitive land as long as they protect land somewhere else.
Thai government is preparing a massacre.
Honor killings aimed at suppressing castes in India
Senior Mexican politician goes missing
Iran Accepts Shipping Uranium to Turkey: 1,200 kilograms, of low enriched uranium to be stored for one year, then they would have the right to receive 120 kilograms of material enriched to 20 percent from Russia and France
Retired man spends 7 years on 5,000-piece jigsaw puzzle only to discover one piece is missing
Death in Dubai: Suspect in Mabhouh killing had genuine British passport
Chavez asks Venezuelans to use Twitter to blow the whistle on currency speculators
After 18 hours of negotiations, Turkey and Brazil seal nuclear fuel swap deal with Iran, details awaited
How Liverpool docks became a hub of Europes deadly cocaine trade
Many dead in India bus attack by Maoists
A Message from Argentina: Our Sympathies to the People of Greece! 
South African newspaper, Mail &amp; Guardian, challenged in court over intention to publish Muhammad cartoon by veteren satirist Zapiro; M &amp; G win, and the cartoon is on newstands today.
Palestinians make surprisingly large land offer to Israel: Giving up twice the West Bank territory
Australian Scientology president\s daughter slams toxic church
S. Korea Says North Will Pay For Ship Sinking
Child-witch hunting Pentecostal preacher Helen Ukpabio: perhaps one of the most horrid people in the world.
Israeli Soldiers Settle Dispute With Bedouin By Killing His Camel - Following an argument that lasted several minutes, the soldiers left the tent, but one of them kneeled down and fired at the camel.
Lithuania court rules swastikas are part of the countrys cultural identity
7 big oil accidents waiting to happen
Foxconn, the Chinese company that makes iPods and iPads, has had another employee suicide bringing them to total of 8 this year
London 2012 Olympic mascots soon to be terrifying children everywhere
Rape case defendants to be given anonymity - Times Online  (and other measures of the new UK government)
Nun excommunicated after approving life-saving abortion at Catholic hospital.
Report: PA willing to have NATO forces in future state
Russian politics have gotten so weird that now the Kremlin is executing raids against the Russian chess federation to install the right chess master at its head
Palestinians mark Nakba with tears and questions.Claudette Habesch stood at the gate of what had once been her family house, tears in her eyes as she pointed to the garden shaded by a large date palm.
Brazil-Turkey Deal with Iran Undermines Big Power Politics
North Korea says South pushing towards war
North Korea warns of war amid evidence of torpedo attack in March
Dubai gets a massive restructuring plan for its massive debt
The U.S. Begins Massive Military Build Up Around Iran, Sending Up To 4 New Carrier Groups In Region
Converting to Catholicism to teach - Unemployed, non-religious educators are turning to Catholicism in an attempt to secure a coveted teaching position
Hotel guilty of discriminating against a guest who was participating at a conference on ethnic discrimination at the time. 
Historical Levels of flooding coming to Warsaw
UK family shot dead in eastern Pakistan
The 8 most hated financial products
Deal signed today: Norway has announced $1bn in aid to protect forests in Indonesia.
Israel committed war crimes in Gaza says a 430-page Amnesty annual report, that also accuses Hamas
UK to abolish national identity cards
Colombia set to elect the worlds first Green head of state
Pope admits churchs guilt in abuse scandal
Israel vs. Boats: \nIsraeli government vows to prevent flotilla carrying civilians supplies,\nelderly Holocaust survivor, Nobel Peace Prize laureate and\nretired U.S. army colonel from reaching Gaza
Israel to stop Gaza aid ships
North Korea warns it will meet war with all-out war
North Korea scraps South Korea military safeguard pact
Nets slung around Apple factories to deter suicidal employees
Libya opens doors to US tourists - Effective immediately, visas are being approved for US citizens for travel to Libya. We are pleased with the new developments and giving the opportunity to US citizens to return to Libya and explore this magical and scenic land.
Mexican mayor held on drug charges in unprecedented case
Death toll rises to 60 in Jamaica as drug-related violence continues; PM vows to restore order
Israel: Gaza aid convoy can unload cargo in Ashdod for inspection
Torture inquiry should leave no stone unturned, says Amnesty - Investigation into human rights abuses promised by William Hague needs to be independent and must look at criminal responsibility, says organisation.
Germany is already facing a demographic nightmare as birth rates fall despite a slew of family-friendly policies. Now, new statistics show that more people are leaving the country than immigrating -- adding to concerns about the countrys shrinking population.
The Sudanese government says it will no longer \r\nengage in peace talks with the Justice and Equality \r\nMovement, promising to prosecute its leaders \r\ninstead.
BP oil well top kill bid continues, no update yet. IN RESPONSE of Los Angeles Times report that had quoted a Coast Guard admiral saying the oil spill  top kill procedure had succeeded in blocking the leak
Israel sets up tents for Gaza-bound activists
Lehman Brothers suing J.P. Morgan Chase &amp; Co
Thailand a`full-blown military dictatorship + interview
Protest planned at Western Wall against Rahm Emanuel sons bar mitzva
Second Iceland volcano \could erupt\ in near future.\r\nAn eruption in the short term is a strong possibility, experts said, referring to Katla, which is larger and fiercer than Eyjafjoell, in a report from the University College London (UCL) institute for risk and disaster reduction.
7.2 quake hits South Pacific nation of Vanuatu
Dogs and cat living together - hell frozen over - Japan takes action against online kiddie porn
Ireland to Israel: If any harm comes to any of our citizens, it will have the most serious consequences.
Member of the Israeli parliament who was on board the international flotilla corroborate the videotape showing that Israeli forces were firing  before they boarded: They wanted many deaths to terrorise us
The United States has blocked demands at the UN security council for an international inquiry into Israels assault on the Turkish ship carrying aid to Gaza that left nine pro-Palestinian activists dead
BBC News - Gunman kills several in west Cumbria, UK
And thus Glenn Greenwald destroyed an Israel lobby lapdog [vid]
Nicaragua suspends diplomatic ties with Israel
It took its time, but... TOP OFFICIALS from several Government departments and the Garda have recommended the expulsion of an Israeli embassy security officer after concluding that Israel forged Irish passports used by suspects in the murder of a Hamas official in Dubai.
It has long been known that German civilians fell victim to Czech excesses immediately following the Nazi surrender at the end of World War II. But a newly discovered video shows one such massacre in brutal detail. And it has come as a shock to the Czech Republic.
A half-century ago, Afghan women pursued careers in medicine; men and women mingled casually at movie theaters and university campuses in Kabul
UK Redditors, if you havent already done so please sign this petition to lobby the government to push for an *international* investigation into the flotilla attacks
Turkish PM : It is no longer possible to cover up or ignore Israel\s lawlessness. This bloody massacre by Israel on ships that were taking humanitarian aid to Gaza deserves every kind of curse.
Japan PM to step down for failing to move US base on Okinawa
First reports from flotilla activists: witnesses from two other vessels report being attacked with tear gas, rubber bullets, and stun guns.
World War Two bomb explodes in Germany, three dead
Nutmeg is coming to destroy Israel
Barney Frank: people are howling for Israel to pay a price that dont seem disturbed that North Koreans killed 46 South Koreans by torpedoing a South Korean boat. I think we have a right to ask for some consistency.
Israel will respond in like with the same commando units with the same level of force, and are willing to take further criticism regarding their response towards future convoys.
Toxicology tests have reportedly found that two teenagers who were thought to have died as a result of taking mephedrone  leading to a successful campaign to ban it  had not taken the drug.
Think S. Korea is free? Police are investigating Internet users for expressing dissenting opinions about the warship incident online. If found guilty, they could be jailed for up to five years or fined.
Why is Gaza under blockade? Whats the impact? Israel says there is no humanitarian crisis in the Gaza Strip, UN strongly disagrees.
McDonalds New Gay Friendly Ad
A heatwave strikes India and South Asia, reaching \r\n53C and is reported to have killed many hundreds \r\nof people.
UN report says CIA drone strikes in Pakistan illegal
In the 62 years of its existence, Israel has never been at peace and continues to be surrounded by enemies even today. A perpetual paranoid State.
Turkey likens Israeli raid on aid ship to 9/11 attacks
Israel must lift Gaza blockade immediately: UN chief
Israel is caught in a vicious circle. The more its hawks think the outside world will always hate it, the more it tends to shoot opponents first and ask questions later, and the more it finds that the world is indeed full of enemies.
A test-run of issuing free heroin to addicts in Copenhagen appears to be successful, with initial results showing reduced crime and prostitution and improved health and life quality for those taking part in the project.
Gaza flotilla: yes, Downing Street HAS dropped Israel 
Israeli leftists denounce deadly flotilla raid
They used smoke bombs followed by gas canisters. They started to descend on to the ship with helicopters.\n\nIt [the violence] was extremely bad and brutal. The ship turned into a lake of blood. 
South Africa recalls Israeli ambassador over flotilla raid - CNN.com
Joran Van der Sloot arrested in Chile
Egypt-Gaza border crossing opened indefinitely
Remember Neda, the girl we watched die on the streets of Tehran last summer? Her family just gave their first interview.
Hamas stops flotilla aid delivered by Israel
Demands for expulsion of Israeli envoy in Ireland
BP pays out. (To whom? Oil pollution victims? Noooo...)
Robert Fisk: Western leaders are too cowardly  to help save lives
Israel had no other choice over raid... Except for the other choices they had.
Korean war may break out at any moment: North Korea
Niki Enchmarch was on the top deck standing next to a Turkish man who was holding a camera. An Israeli soldier shot him in the middle of the forehead. It blew off the back of his skull and he died. 
Israel resists international probe into Gaza ship raid
Irish ship Rachel Corrie was sabotaged by Israeli intelligence says report
New Aid Ship Heads For Gaza, Fleet Of 3 More Ships On The Way Soon
Osama Bin Laden Flying First Class to Washington
The gamblers betting on Britain going bust - \nHedge funds are wagering billions on the UK defaulting
American-Turkish high school student was shot 4 times in the head, once in the body by the IDF during the Aid Flotilla Attacks.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy faces allegations on arms deal used to fund political campaigns.
MK Hanin Zoabi, Arab member of the Israeli parliament who was on board the international flotilla told to Go to Gaza, Traitor; parliament in utter chaos.
Reuters under fire for removing weapons, blood from images of Gaza flotilla - Haaretz 
Museum stops exhibition about homosexuality in religion - The museum of World Cultures in Gothenburg cancels a planned exhibition about homosexuality in religion in order to avoid disturbing religious groups.
China claims North Korean Border Guards kill three people on the Chinese side of the border.
Bilderberg 2010: Help us identify the delegates 
Russian Soldiers looted Polish crash dead - \r\nFour Russian soldiers have been charged with stealing bank cards from the wreckage of the plane crash that killed Polish President Lech Kaczynski and 95 others.
Amnesty links US to Yemen attack - A US cruise missile carrying cluster bombs was used in an attack in Yemen that killed 55 people, most of them civilians, Amnesty International has said.
Van der Sloot confesses to Peru slaying - Americas- msnbc.com
Cop sees landscape artist with Tourette\s punching himself in the face. Cop calls man retard, handcuffs him on phony theft rap.
Canadian soldier killed in Afghanistan - \r\nSgt. Martin Goudreault, 35, died Sunday while on foot patrol roughly 15 kilometres southwest of the city of Kandahar, Brig.-Gen. Jon Vance said.
Turkey to cancel defense agreements with Israel after flotilla attack
Roman gladiator cemetery found in England
Human Gene Patent Challenged In Australian Court
The Israeli flotilla attack:  victimhood, aggression and tribalism - Glenn Greenwald - Salon.com
It Takes 26 Years After Thousands Die To Give Union Carbide Execs A Slap On The Wrist
Shell has been spilling oil in Nigeria for years with impunity
Lost WWII battlefield discovered in jungles of New Guinea, including remains of dead where they fell.
Cocaine worth $1bn seized in The Gambia - headed for Europe.
Former CIA analyst alleges China-Saudi nuclear missile deal
International Subsidies for Oil Equal $557 BILLION; [Cutting Subsidies] This is the only single policy item that could make such a major change in the global energy and climate-change game. 
Since I was abducted and brought to the US I was heavily tortured and pressured by US intelligence - Iranian nuclear scientist who defected to US
NZ student tasers pregnant woman - A New Zealand medical student who used a Taser to repeatedly shock a nine-month pregnant woman, causing her to go into labour, has been charged with attempted first-degree murder in the United States.
One year after Tehran erupted in protest, nothing has changed, but everything has changed.
Turkish Prez Erdogan: Israel Will Pay For Flotilla Raid - A week after the Israeli commando raid on a Gaza-bound Turkish ship, which left nine people dead, Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said he would no longer be silent on Gaza becoming a giant prison.
Spanish Youth Part of the Lost Generation - At almost 20 percent, Spain suffers the second-highest unemployment rate in the European Union. But the rate for those just entering the job market is twice as high.
World Peace Index 2010 released - USA 85th out of 149 countries, New Zealand most peaceful.
The Supremo in His Labyrinth - A horrifying first-hand account of Kim Jong Ils private life, from a former bodyguard
Amnesty International links the US to a deadly air raid in Yemen that killed dozens of civilians, with photo evidence.
Dutch offered US ships to help skim oil 3 days after the spill. US was not interested
Israeli Blockade Isn\t About Security | \r\nIsraeli government documents describe the blockade not as a security measure but as economic warfare against the Islamist group Hamas, which rules the Palestinian territory. 
Hungary equates Communism to Nazism - Hungarian lawmakers have passed a bill equating Communist era crimes to the Holocaust and banned denying it under threat of imprisonment.
Banksters, Corrupt Politicians Face Prosecution - in Iceland
North Korea has sent a letter to the UN Security Council rejecting claims it sank a South Korean warship and warning the council not to debate the issue. 
Hamas: Obama\s call to ease Gaza blockade meaningless
The Politically Incorrect Guide to ENDING POVERTY :: convincing the poorest countries to establish foreign-run charter cities within their borders
Netanyahu nominates right-wing conservative and a professor looking to be the next Israel ambassador to the UN for inquiry commission; serving IDF soldiers and officers barred from giving testimony
AMNESTY: Tribal Pakistan is a human rights-free zone.
We are damned lucky for striking Chinese workers
Foreign policy cant be carried out with heroism but with reason. The Turkish Foreign Ministry should publicly disclose correspondence made with Israel so that we may all learn whether Israel warned Turkey or not, says Kemal Kldarolu, Turkeys opposition Party leader.
Views of North Korea Show How a Policy Spread Misery - NYTimes.com
Cherie Booth (wife of Tony Blair) cleared of misconduct after suspending a Muslims jail sentence because he was religious
Turkey: On the day of the Gaza flotilla raid, 7 Turkish sailors were killed by Kurdish terrorists... using rockets.
Abbas tells U.S. Jews: I would never deny Jewish right to the land of Israel - Haaretz 
What Does Snack Food Have To Do With Keeping Weapons Out Of Gaza ?
Somali Defense Minister and warlord Yusuf \r\nMohammed Siad, who was leading a fight against \r\nIslamic insurgents in the country, resigns from \r\ngovernment.
Former officers of Bosnian Serb army sentenced to life for genocide in connection with the 1995 massacre of 7,000 Muslim men and boys in Srebrenica
Mexican Army Captures Zetas Commander In Charge of Monterrey 
Bloody Sunday killings to be ruled unlawful
`Peoples Daily columnist -- `Time to defend Chinese workers rights
You don\t have to be Naomi Klein to realize that somewhere along a production line that can manufacture supermarket jeans for 2, someone is getting at best short-changed, and at worst exploited.
Saudi man convicted of engaging in immoral movements in front of other shoppers gets four months in prison, 90 lashes
Abby Sutherland FOUND alive and well. 16 year old sailor found.
Video shows the border patrol agent shot the teenager 3 times in Mexico territory....
A moving article on the daily lives of North Koreans.  NYTimes
Simply put: There was no Twitter Revolution inside Iran.
Video of Israeli commandos executing American
The company operating the Deepwater Horizon will shortly pay out a total of $1 Billion in dividends to share holders. That company is US company Transocean. 
Pining for a Soviet Paradise - Back in June 1990, I never would have thought that on the eve of the 20th anniversary of the Declaration of State Sovereignty I would witness crowds of people  including young people  eulogizing the Soviet Union and shedding tears over the fall of a great power.
Gaza flotilla captain: Activists prepared attack against IDF raid - Haaretz
North Korea shows that, in the right circumstances, people will strive under any hardship, tolerate any government lie. 
Japans financial collapse is next: Japan PM Naoto Kan warns of collapse under debt pile
Spain seeks EU backing on plan to lift Israeli blockade of Gaza
Its Official: There was No Humanitarian Aid on Mavi Marmara (300 wheelchairs, 300 new mobility scooters, 100 special mobility scooters for the disabled, Hundreds of crutches, 250 hospital beds, Four tons of medicine...) 
Pope begs forgiveness for institutional child abuse - world dubious.
Looks like we might have to worry more about the effect of Corexit 9500 then the effect of oil on our environment.
UK PM Cameron: No more troops for Afghanistan - British Prime Minister David Cameron on Thursday ruled out sending more troops to Afghanistan, saying Britain\s forces should not stay on for a day longer than necessary.\r\n      \r\n    \r\n\t- Arab News
Gaza Fishermen Under Siege
WTF! Countries have no longer the right to self-defense: The US and Israel are concerned the S-300 missiles might be used to PROTECT Irans nuclear facilities from possible attack.
IDF-hired driver: Why did they kill so few? - Driver hired by IDF to transport soldiers posts sign on font of bus criticizing commandos who took part in Gaza flotilla takeover for small number of casualties.
Australian billionaires take to the streets for tax protest
Bloody Sunday in Northern Ireland killings to be ruled unlawful
Australian government considering retaining everyones browsing history for up to ten years
Another person being charged with Holocaust denial. 
U.S. Fury at BP Stirs Backlash Among British
First amateur images of Osh riots in Kyrgyzstan
Are growing tensions in Slovakia creating the conditions for another European conflict? 
Breaking news: All serious crimes in the UK have been solved.
Absolutely heartbreaking. These kids in villages across Nigeria are beaten, tortured, burned, starved, and murdered because some idiot religious figure deemed them witches 
Awareness Of Outside World Growing In North Korea
Irish to expel Israeli diplomat over Hamas killing
British paratroopers unlawfully killed Bloody Sunday marchers in 1972: Saville Report released
An American construction worker claiming to be \r\nhunting Osama bin Laden was arrested carrying a \r\nsword, a pistol and night-vision goggles in Northern \r\nPakistan.
Here we go again...(North Korea Diplomat) If the Security Council releases any documents against us, condemning or pressuring us ... then myself as diplomat, I can do nothing. ... The follow-up measures will be carried out by our military forces
Ireland expels Israeli diplomat: Investigation concludes Israel responsible for forged passports used.
CIA Rendition Case Reaches Top European Court
BBC News - Irish to expel Israeli diplomat over Hamas killing
Somalia ban viewing of WC 2010: Those caught watching will be given a maximum of 30 lashes in public. Two fans killed while watching game.
Iranian aid ships head for Gaza -  Iran is sending aid ships to blockaded Gaza, state radio said Monday  a move likely to be considered provocative by Israel which accuses Tehran of arming the Palestinian enclaves Hamas rulers.
The Catholic Church in Germany has been hit by revelations of theft, opaque accounting and extravagance. While the grassroots faithful are being forced to make cutbacks, some bishops enjoy the trappings of the churchs considerable hidden wealth.
Maybe you dont see an irony in the individual getting screwed and screwed again by the same corporations and bailed-out banks who are so forthcoming with their advice for our politicians
Bloody Sunday dead all innocent
Israeli Nuclear Missile Boats Off Iranian Coast
Israeli intelligence agents photographed members of the Rachel Corrie aid mission before the ship left dock in Dundalk. The first mate of the vessel has claimed that during their time in Israeli custody they saw photographs of several members of the group clearly taken in Ireland. 
38 years later, a 5,000 page report costing $285M and taking 12 years results in Bloody Sunday victims all being found innocent!
Jordan is set on becoming the Middle Easts newest nuclear power, Jordanian King Abdullah told the Wall Street Journal in an interview over the weekend
A 12-year-old Indian-American activist tried to issue summons for Warren Anderson, former chief of Union Carbide over the deadliest 1984 gas disaster in Bhopal.
Iran to Cut Mineral Exports to Sanction Supporters
It has been revealed that the current food crisis in North Korea is so appalling that rations for the military are being distributed to the general public.
N. Korea warns U.N. of military follow-up  - North Korea
Now Ireland expels Israeli diplomat in passports row over murder of Hamas official
Ireland expels Israeli diplomat over Dubai killing: An Israeli government agency was responsible for the misuse and the manufacture of the forged Irish passports associated with the murder
Australia soon to become the first Western democracy to join Iran and China where Internet access is restricted by the state
Two 19 year olds were beaten with iron rods and then electrocuted to death by their own families as they belonged to different sub-castes and had planned to elope
WikiLeaks Founder Has Garani Massacre Video, \r\nAccording to New Email - The Daily Beast
Iceland passes Wikileaks law. What will that mean for journalists?
Canadian version of Fox News is in the works.
Turkey\s Prime Minister - Its not possible for a Muslim to commit genocide.
Kyrgyzstan carnage: 700 feared dead as looting, riots surge
Egypt: Israel wants to dump Gaza on us. It is time for Egyptian leadership to raise to this challenge
Three powerful earthquakes have struck Indonesia within half an hour of each other.
France to raise retirement age - The French government has unveiled plans to raise the retirement age to 62 in a sweeping overhaul of the pensions system that labour unions have vowed to fight to the end.
Was the swine flu a fake pandemic?
Internet a risk to nation - INDONESIAS communications minister said on Wednesday a celebrity sex video scandal showed the Internet was a threat to the nation and vowed to issue a decree to curb its use.
Michael Andersen: I am ashamed that European media and politicians do not understand the tragedy in Kyrgyzstan
Israeli company leads charge to supply world with vuvuzelas.   Let\s see what reddit does with this.
Matthew Simmons: The Relief Well Will Fail, And An Undersea Oil Lake May Be Covering 40% Of The Gulf
Over the past month, heavy rainfall has caused massive amounts of flooding in Europe - Dozens have lost their lives, many thousands evacuated their homes, some repeatedly. [pics]
Chilling, blunt and gruff author paints the picture of what Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, the most violent city in the world, is like
Britain Acknowledges Bloody Sunday Killings. A long-awaited British judicial inquiry into \Bloody Sunday\when British paratroopers shot dead fourteen demonstrators in Northern Irelandhas found the killings were \unjustified\ and lays heavy blame on the army.
35 year oil industry veteran cites recently gathered data to say oil leak near 120,000bpd and the oil beneath the surface has spread to potentially cover 40% of the Gulf.
Was The New York Times story on minerals in Afghanistan smart or the result of Pentagon PR?
The Copyright Lobbys Astroturf Campaign in Support of the Canadian DMCA
Wikileaks Commissions Lawyers to Defend Alleged \r\nArmy Source | Threat Level | Wired.com
WikiLeaks versus Wired: war of words continues
Direct action gets the goods: Greek anarchists take over supermarket, burn money
They cant work, they cant claim benefits, they have nowhere to live. And their only means of survival is one 10 food voucher a week. 
First Australia wanted the ISP Filter, then ISP data retention on net activity... now they want to link it all to our PASSPORTS!!!
1 buys 1000 litres of tap water. Or one bottle.
Afghanistan Through Teenagerss Eyes- What happens when you give cameras to a group of Kabul teens.
Manhunt for Wikileaks Founder, and Alleged Leaker of Video Showing Iraq Killings Held for 2 Weeks Without Charge
Wondering why there are so many empty seats at World Cup games?
South Korean media says North Koreas Dear Leader -- Kim Jung-Il -- asked China for J-10s fighters during his recent visit there, but was rebuffed.
Iceland Passes WikiLeaks Law - Truthdig Video- The Icelandic parliament has approved protections for journalists, making the island nation perhaps the safest place in the world to afflict the comfortable and speak truth to power.\n\n
Chavez set to nationalize the last opposition TV station.
Kyrgyz violence level alarming 
Something fundamental has changed in China\s legal system.
Mexicos deadly drug violence claims hundreds of lives in past 5 days
British Muslims spit at British troops
Turks infuriated over ban on Google sites: Turkish activists have initiated a legal challenge against the governments controversial move to block Google services
100,000 Askenazi protesters come out in support of segregated schools
Cuba braces to contend with BP oil spill
Turkey to cut all ties with Israel
Israeli police have been placed on high alert in view of protests planned by Ultra-Orthodox Jews against a court order to jail parents who refuse to let their daughters attend a religiously integrated school.
KOREA Seoul warns, North has 180,000 soldiers ready for war
More than 160 children have died of lead poisoning in Nigeriain recent weeks [graphic Vid]
Israel says it will ease Gaza land blockade
Deadly flash floods hit southern France
Syria President: Israeli flotilla raid increased chances of war and proved that they are another pyromaniac government that you cannot achieve peace with
African leaders are meeting in Chad to push the idea of planting a tree belt across Africa from Senegal in the west to Djibouti in the east. 
Jews and Turks: Centuries of Goodwill
European leaders are meeting today amid growing fears that Spain, Europes fifth-largest economy, is preparing to ask for a bailout which would dwarf the 110bn rescue plan for Greece.
What BP is doing to America is pretty much what American companies have done and are doing to the rest of the world
Haitian Farmers Commit to Burning Monsanto Hybrid Seeds:  The entry of Monsanto seeds into Haiti is a very strong attack on small agriculture, on farmers, on biodiversity, on Creole seeds ... and on what is left our environment in Haiti.\nTues
One of the largest protests in Jerusalems history: White jews protesting the fact that they have to spend time in class with black jews. 
The Ecuadorian rainforest disaster is still considered the worlds largest oil-related catastrophe. Chevron dumped more than 18.5 billion gallons of toxic waste  about 4 million gallons per day for more than two decades - and the world paid almost no attention
It turns out that the ref that cost the US the game against Slovenia today has been guilty of terrible calls during clutch moments in the past, and Tunisian fans had set up a Facebook page calling for his removal
Wikileaks founder fears for his life
The Council of Senior Ulema, the highest body of Muslim clerics in Saudi Arabia, has issued a fatwa against terrorism, saying that committing terrorist acts, and even funding them, was against Islamic law!!
In the first action of its kind in north African waters, Sea Shepherd activists freed hundreds of endangered bluefin tuna from a cage being towed behind Italian trawler
BP Using Mercenaries To Prevent Journalists From Talking To Workers. According to video (shown) the media needs to stay at least 100 feet from BP workers. Heres one killer quote from the BP-hired security guard when the reporter asks why hes preventing people from accessing a public beach
Facebook founder faces death sentence in Pakistan
France bans Hamas TV for hate and violence. In other news, there was Hamas TV channel in France. WTF
On the other side of the world from the Gulf Coast in Africa theyve been dealing with an oil spill that gushes the equivalent of the Exxon Valdez every year for the past 50 years... 
Turkey freezes billions of dollars worth of defense deals with Israel and will not send ambassador back
Aung San Suu Kyi -  still under house arrest in Burma - turns 65 on Saturday. 
Mexico Bans Junk Food For Children
WikiLeaks Preparing to Release Video of U.S. Massacre in Afghanistan 
Amnesty International has accused the Israeli authorities of subjecting jailed nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu to cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment by holding him in solitary confinement. 
Iceland passes legislation making it the safest place in the world for freedom of expression by offering legal protection to whistle-blower Web sites like WikiLeaks
16 crude skimming barges have been idled by the coast guard .... because there arent enough life vests on board
Danish girls are entering puberty earlier and develop breasts a full year earlier than they did 15 years ago, according to a new study.
Four North Korean players didnt show up for Brazil match - are they defecting???
While the U.S. is watching an oil volcano, Israel is having 1960s-style segregation riots.
Where is the REDDIT OUTRAGE compared with the Flotilla one?  400,000 Flee in Kyrgyzstan, U.N. Says 
Death toll in Kyrgyzstan clashes could be much higher:  Could be close to 2000.
White Jews sent to jail for refusing to let their children go to school with black Jews.
As Jews we should stand as a beacon for human rights not as an internationally known perpetrator of atrocities.
Hamas: We wont let Red Cross visit Shalit  
Canadian Heritage Minister Calls Opponents of Canadian DMCA Radical Extremists
Worlds rich got richer amid 09 recession
Boy of 10 tries to take his life 10 times. We\re walking on eggshells, says his mom. He\s angry . . . and every day he tells me \I wish I was dead
Australian Prime Minister likely to be voted out at ballot tomorrow, Australia may have its first female Prime Minister
Uproar in Israel over top secret prisoner 
Is Kyrgyzstan the next Rwanda?  [Article from Foreign Policy]
Spanish senate narrowly votes to support ban of Islamic body veil
Canadas economy is suddenly the envy of the world: No financial meltdowns here, Canada boasts, and world leaders want in on the secret 
Workers at Swedish docks launched a week-long boycott of Israeli ships and cargo on Wednesday, to protest Israels recent raid on a Gaza-bound flotilla
How a clunky old Soviet rocket outlasted the space shuttle.
Whaling \peace deal\ falls apart: It legitimises scientific whaling in the Southern Ocean (by Japan), and does not substantially reduce catches
Underwater collision forces BP to remove containment cap. Meanwhile, a boat captain working on oil disaster clean up, died of a gunshot wound. Wait, what?!
BP oil spill fallout: Britain has doubled rig inspections. Bulgaria scrapped plans for a new oil pipeline. Chinese and French oil giants are upgrading equipment and procedures designed to prevent spills
Canadian Heritage Minister Calls for Confrontation Against Critics of Canadian DMCA
WWI Postcard Reaches Bosnia After Century of Traveling Around the Globe - Edhem Bicakcic used a photo of his army unit resting somewhere in Hungary during World War I as a postcard for his family in Sarajevo, but the loving message took nearly a century to reach its destination. 
Soros says Germany could cause Euro collapse: If the Germans don\t change their policy, their exit from the currency union would be helpful for the rest of Europe
McDonalds marketing has the effect of conscripting Americas children into an unpaid drone army of word-of-mouth marketers, causing them to nag their parents to bring them to McDonalds.
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak dismissed Israels recent lifting of restrictions on the Gaza Strip
Brazil floods kill dozens and leave 1,000 people missing
Hitler fails to shut Wikileaks
Netanyahu to human rights activists: Sail to Tehran
Malaysia seeks emergency UN session on Gaza flotilla deaths - Haaretz 
He reminded the jury prosecutors say Patel ignored surgical restrictions imposed on him by US medical authorities and launched into major operations at Bundaberg seven weeks after he arrived in 2003.
Israeli judge: We must learn from the Nazi tactics, to improve the State of Israels PR efforts in the world
Four journalists have filed complaints with Ontarios police watchdog, alleging physical assaults and threats of sexual violence by police during the Toronto G20 summit, their lawyer says.
Some half a million Israelis are now living over the 
Green Line: more than 300,000 in 121 settlements 
and about one hundred outposts, which control 42 
percent of the land area of the West Bank - 
BTselem
Israeli soldiers to be prosecuted for using Palestinians as a human shield in last Gaza War
Colossal waste of money: South Africas 10 new stadiums face uncertain future
Ugandan LGBT Advocate Found Beheaded
Exposed: The truth about Israels land grab in the West Bank - Jewish settlers, who claim a divine right to the whole of Israel, now control more than 42 per cent of the occupied West Bank, representing a powerful obstacle to the creation of a Palestinian state
US scientists create HIV-resistant cells
Death by Remote: But Is It Legal? - extrajudicial executions ... are punishable as a war crime says 1998 UN report
This spring, it looked as though the Catholic Church was finally going to confront charges of sexual abuse head on. Following recent police raids in Belgium, however, the Vatican has once again closed ranks. In the internal Holy See debate, the conservatives have regained the upper hand.
Pakistan: Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Omar arrested
Money laundering in Zimbabwe: Youre doing it wrong
Cockney to disappear from London within 30 years
NYT: As the United States seeks to end a four-decade Jewish settlement enterprise, the American Treasury helps sustain the settlements through tax breaks on donations to support them.
A U.S. geologist has been sentenced to eight years in a Chinese prison for allegedly violating state secret laws.
Clinton criticizes Russia for occupying Georgia
Turkey wants Israel apology, Israel rejects demand 
Have you ever heard of these tunnels?
Pressure on Sarkozy over allegations he took illegal gifts
Seoul wants clear and firm UN message to N.Korea
Mexico thwarts Hezbollah bid to set up South American network 
Two-Thirds Of Iran Air Fleet Banned From Flying Into EU
Anti-Beer Demonstrators Arrested at Beer Festival - First of all, this event was not against alcohol in general, but against substandard beer and against the culture of people getting together en masse and drinking this horrible beer..., said organizer Andrei Pesotsky.
Swedish party leader sets USD 20.000 on fire to kick off campaign
Poll: Most Germans Want to Dump Euro, Return to Deutschmark - More than half of Germans reportedly want to go back to the deutschmark, 11 years after they dumped it for the euro.
A woman who suffered severe facial burns during the 7/7 terror attacks in London five years ago is showing off her new face to the world
Mullets Are Officially Illegal in Iran
Messopotamia is still being looted. Still.
Over $200 Million In Tax-Exempt Funds Have Been Sent To Extremist Jewish Settlers By American Non-Profits In The Past 10 Years
Two gay men who said they faced persecution in their home countries have the right to asylum in the UK, the Supreme Court has ruled. 
IDF objector sprays Free Gaza graffiti on Warsaw Ghetto wall
The Case Against Kissinger Deepens One of the key figures to stand in the way of Chilean generals plotting to overthrow Allende was the Chilean army commander-in-chief, Rene Schneider, who was killed during a botched kidnapping attempt by military right-wingers in 1970
Britain prepares for the collapse of BP
Queen Elizabeth II makes first U.N. speech since 1957
Charges have been laid against the soldier who released the Iraq bombing videos to Wikileaks.
Moscow curators face 3 years in prison for exhibit that offended Russian Orthodox Church-A Lesson for America??;The church has become an instrument of censorship like it was during czarist times, said Gleb Yakunin, 76, a priest and Soviet-era dissident...It wants to control culture
Son urges Iranian courts to stop mothers death by stoning
Israel allows Palestinian newspapers into Gaza, Hamas bans them
Private information on innocent European citizens will be handed over to U.S. law enforcement authorities under an agreement slated for approval by the European Parliament this week
Russian government offers spy swap deal to US
UK Terrorism Stop &amp; Search Power Violates Rights - 450,000 people stopped &amp; searched, zero people successfully prosecuted
Cuba has agreed to free 52 political prisoners and allow them to leave the country in what would be the islands largest mass liberation of dissidents since Pope John Paul II visited in 1998.
China executes top official for corruption
Police question Belgian cardinal in child abuse probe
Canadian Court Rules ISPs Not Broadcasters: May Require Net Neutrality and Block Content Levy
IDF investigation of Gaza war crimes, including 
point-blank killing of civilians in front of their 
families, has yielded a scapegoat ... What is clear is 
that the members of the Al-Samouni family were 
not killed due to the error of a single soldier.  - 
Haaretz Daily Newspaper | Israel News
Poland to extradite Israeli agent to Germany
Burma: Does todays most notorious military dictatorship pose a third potential nuclear threat after North Korea and Iran?
Send a postcard to Benjamin Netanyahu.  Download 
and print.
Report: Secret document affirms U.S.-Israel nuclear partnership, despite the fact that Israel is not a signatory of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty
CNN Drops 20-year-veteran news editor after twitter post mourning the death of pro-womens rights Hezbollah leader.
With 6 countries imposing the death penalty on gay people and 80 making gay sex illegal, British judges say gay refugees must get asylum
PROMISES BROKEN: Hundreds of fishermen dont get their BP checks
Irish block EU plan to allow data transfer to Israel - 
The Irish Times - Thu, Jul 08, 2010
Obama orders investigation of Turkish aid foundation after Israeli peace activist slaughter - The United States is investigating whether to add the Turkish Humanitarian Relief Foundation, or HH, to its official list of terrorist organizations.
UK treasure hunter finds 52,000 Roman coins
A penguin has been found wandering the streets of Dublin after she was stolen from the zoo in a suspected prank.
BBC News - Three held in Norway al-Qaeda bomb plot
As many of you may know, The Pirate Bay is down, here is the reason.
4,300-year-old tombs found in Egypt
Controversy over South Koreas sunken ship - Physicists research casts doubt on idea that North Korean torpedo downed vessel
AARP on Irans health care system: That system has eliminated
health disparities between rural and urban populations over the last 30
years, reducing infant mortality in rural areas by tenfold.
If Earth stopped spinning, how would land, water reconfigure in absence of centrifugal force? Computer simulation supplies answer: one equatorial megacontinent, two great polar oceans
Chinese Firm Drops Local IQ Standards for U.S. Hires
Fox Plans Arabic News Channel
Iranian woman condemned to be stoned receives reprieve.
Poverty among Holocaust victims in Israel is something of a dirty secret and theres a sense of bitterness and betrayal: We helped found the state of Israel and built it. They should make our final years better
Britain condemns planned stoning to death for adultery of a woman in Iran: stoning is a medieval punishment that has no place in the modern world
Afghanistan: Now its Americas war - There is little doubt that the new British Government would like to bring the troops back from a war it has inherited, and one which is proving increasingly costly in both human and financial terms.
The Corruption Hunter Network form club: Sounds like a band of comic-book superheroes, but they are real  prosecutors and investigators who fight governmental and institutional wrongdoing world-wide
Iran halts womans death by stoning - but she could still face death penalty, and 12 other women still face death by stoning
European Parliament approves sending European citizens financial data to U.S. authorities as part of the Terrorist Finance Tracking Program
Cuba Releasing 1/3 of Countrys Political Prisoners!
How Kim Jong-il Ruined World Cup Propaganda Push for Heir
Russia Frees Scientist in Exchange for the Russian spy Anna Chapman
Iran: woman adulterer will not face stoning
BP has 24 hours to give answers on oil well, US government says
Companies brace for end of cheap made-in-China era
Australian Government Temporarily Backs Down on the Internet Filter Issue.
In all [last week], the Chinese military awoke to find as many as 462 new Tomahawks deployed by the U.S. in its neighborhood.
Iran to U.S.: No talks until you clarify stance on Israel nukes - Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Thursday that the United States must make its position on Israels nuclear strategy clear before talks on Tehrans atomic program could resume.
STOP BUYING FOOD PRODUCTS MADE IN CHINA...
Chinese authorities have seized 64 tonnes of milk powder and products laced with the same deadly toxic additive that sparked an uproar in 2008.
Russian-built submersibles would be able to cap the oil leak in the Gulf of Mexico, the captain of one of the vessels has said
China renews Googles license
Poverty within white South Africa, in pictures
Here is the cached post the UK and US dont want any body to see. Fadelalah was a decent man, from  the  lady who knew/met him several times, he is no spiritual leader of Hizbulah.
BBC News - Iran woman escapes stoning death for adultery
things are getting hot : UK deletes a blog post made by their ambassador in lebanon (Frances Guy) that praises late Grand Ayatollah Mohammed Hussein Fadlallah, Lebanons top Shiite cleric
PAKISTAN: A trade union leader and his brother are murdered during strike negotiations
Italian journalists strike over Berlusconi wiretap bill
Haryana, the caste barrier is broken. A Dalit elected head of an Indian village
Bookstore CEO and wife of billionaire saves Iranian woman from stoning.
Japan increases its airspace at the expense of Taiwan
Israel is still bitching against anyone who mourns the Lebanese deceased cleric
Well-known human rights organization denounces CNNs firing of Mideast editor
This kid cant catch a break: horrible name, horrible father, horrible timing to commit a horrible act and now a horrible time in prison. 
BBC News - UK envoys praise for Lebanon cleric draws Israel anger
Deep Throat - The depravity of Major League Eating. 
Real-life Shaolin Soccer: Chinese monks starts soccer team
CNN fires British ambassador for praising deceased 
Lebanon cleric
BANGLADESH: A man dies in police custody after refusing to pay bribes; his relatives are warned not to pursue the case
North Korean soldiers defect to China fuelling fears of imminent military clash
Terrorists target World Cup fans in Uganda, watching final game : At least 64 killed
Anger in Costa Rica over deal to invite 46 US warships    Opposition leaders in Costa Rica are furious over an agreement that allows 46 US warships and 7,000 US Marines to enter the country as part of an anti-drug effort.
Swiss authorities reject US extradition of Polanski
Israel and the lobby are pushing us to war with Iran.
Al Qaeda group bombs Ugandan World Cup parties: death toll now 65 (Photos)
Ireland to block EU-Israel data transfer
Facebook installs panic button for children
Oil companies complicit in Sudan civil war, report alleges. A recent report by a group of NGOs alleges that an oil consortium led by Swedish firm Lundin Petroleum may have been complicit in war crimes and crimes against humanity in Sudan.
No freedom flotilla for the people of Darfur.  Sudan government incited violence kills 221 in June
Conroy and Gillard delay controversial web filtering plan.  The Australian government has succumbed to pressure and delayed the introduction of its mandatory internet filtering scheme.
Former Cuban leader Fidel Castro will appear on Cuban television and radio on Monday evening to discuss his theory that the world is on the verge of nuclear war, the Communist Party newspaper Granma said in its Monday online edition.
Two men who organised a controversial art exhibition showing in Moscow in 2007 have been found guilty by a Russian court of inciting hatred.
BBC News - Twin blasts in Uganda capital Kampala kill at least 64
Will Brazil be able to successfully host the 2014 World Cup? Al-Jazeera reports that maybe they wont.
Iran Air is now forbidden from landing most of its airplanes in Europe, due to safety concerns
26 Year Old Woman Raped and Murdered by Basij Members for Bad Hija - The intentions of the savage Basij members was to put a stop to the improper way women in society dressed
Gaza farmers risk being shot by Israeli patrols: Foreigners acts as human shield to protect Palestinians
Israels military probe into the attack on the Gaza aid convoy has found Israeli forces guilty of serious errors
Shining India makes its poor pay price of hosting Commonwealth Games
China: New government transparency rules strike chord with public
Creating Order in the Euro Zone - Fearing a lasting burden on taxpayers, the German government is preparing a set of insolvency rules for countries in the euro zone. It would require private investors to bear some of the financial burden and force the affected countries to give up some sovereignty.
Dubai: full body scanners at airports violate personal privacy and may have side effects on passengers.
Palestinians in Hebron have their doors welded shut to protect Jewish settlers.
So thats OK then. Its fine to abuse young girls, as long as youre a great film director
After four years of relative seclusion Fidel Castro makes a televised address warning of imminent nuclear conflict in the Middle East.
91 Israelis file a $1.2 billion lawsuit in a US federal court against al-Jazeera: The network intentionally reported live coverage of locations of missile strikes inside of Israel to aid Hezbollah
South Korea deploys robots capable of killing intruders along border with North 
Israel faces worldwide dockworkers boycott for flotilla massacre and Gaza siege
Burka Ban: French Parliament Votes To Ban Veils Covering Face, Muslim Burka And Niqab Affected
Iran says a nuclear scientist it claims was abducted by the US has taken refuge in its interest section at Pakistans embassy in Washington
Israel razed on Tuesday an inhabited Palestinian home in East Jerusalem for the first time in eight months, effectively ending an unofficial freeze of such internationally-condemned demolitions.
US and UK credit rating downgraded by Chinese
Did BP Negotiate a Terrorists Release in Exchange for Libyan Oil?
UK Opposes criminalization of illegal file sharing, citing that the penalties are not appropriate
Walls of fat removed from Londons sewers - A team of flushers equipped with full breathing apparatus has been drafted in with shovels to dig out an estimated 1,000 tonnes of putrid fat.
If the public fears a cyberwar because the powers that be says there is danger, that makes it easier to put into place systems that watch and record everything you do online, provide justification for cutting off the Internet during an emergency and other measures. (warning PDF)
European Union member states have agreed the additional funds needed to construct Iter (the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor).
The Jewish school where half the pupils are Muslim
The organisers of a Libyan aid ship bound for Gaza say its been confronted by an Israeli military vessel and ordered to change its course for Egypt. They also say the boat - called Hope - is refusing to alter its destination and will continue to head to the Palestinian territory. 
Israelis sue Al-Jazeera over Lebanon war reporting
Sunday marked the 15th anniversary of the Srebrenica massacre, when Bosnian Serbs killed around 8,000 Muslim men and boys. German commentators point out that there are still plenty of unanswered questions, including whether blame for the genocide has been correctly attributed.
Afghan soldier kills Nato troops
United Arab Emirates issues religious edict against vuvuzelas
Afghan soldier kills 3 Brit troops during joint patrol
Missing Iranian scientist found in US - A missing Iranian nuclear scientist that Teheran claims was kidnapped by the CIA has sought refuge in the Pakistani embassy in Washington, according to an Iranian state radio report cited by Reuters.
Policeman arrested for smuggling drugs to prisoners - Police said this is not the first time a police officer has become involved in smuggling drugs to prisoners in exchange for money.
Russia longs for breather in fierce heatwave
French MPs vote to ban Islamic full veil in public
2010 Hottest Year on Record so far according to NASA.  Thats right.  The Earth has never been hotter than it is right now, at least since weve been keeping records.
South Korea, which derives 40% of its electricity from nuclear power, wants to reprocess the waste into usable fuel. The US says no way.
Politicians in Pakistan have been left red-faced after an investigation found dozens of MPs have fake university degrees.
The chief minister of Balochistan Province, Nawab Muhammad Aslam Raisani, told the press: A degree is a degree, whether it is fake or genuine.
900-year-old Song dynasty drains save Chinese city from deadly floods
India considers a sterilization first policy as population spirals out of control
Britains actually almost 4 trillion in debt, about 4 x higher than previously acknowledged
South Korea has deployed sentry robots capable of detecting and killing intruders along the heavily-fortified border with North Korea, officials said on Tuesday.
BBC report on the UKs premier scientific bodies cease and desist letter to EXXON asking them to stop funding groups distorting their views on Global warming.   
Chinese factories now compete to woo laborers
Half a million Israelis live on stolen West Bank land. A report finds an estimated 300,000 living in 121 official settlements, plus 100,000 in smaller unofficial outposts. The remainder in 12 neighbourhoods annexed to Jerusalem.
Chile approves net neutrality (google translation from a spanish blog, sorry about that)
Interesting BBC piece revealing Japans bizarre high tech / low tech cultural juxtaposition
Iranian nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri, who defected to the US, is now on his way back home to Tehran after a very messy and public re-defection
Four West Australian police officers are being investigated over allegations they misused Tasers on colleagues during an apparent initiation ritual.
Threat to peace talks as Israelis demolish home - Israeli bulldozers razed six buildings in East Jerusalem, including three Palestinian homes, marking the end of Israeli efforts to refrain from contentious demolitions that could undermine peace talks.
The Taliban is training monkey soldiers for Jihad. Makes sense: you dont want to mess with a monkey with an AK-47.
Israeli Driver: No black Ethiopians on my bus - The driver added: All of these kushim [a derogatory term for Africans] should be sent back to Ethiopia. You are a stupid nation, and you damage our land.
French MPs vote to ban Islamic full veil in public
Two more journalists shot and killed in Mexico
Australian drunk survives attempt to ride crocodile
Amy Goodman: Haiti, Six Months After the Earthquake - Truthdig-July 12 marked the six month anniversary of the devastating earthquake in Haiti that killed as many as 300,000 people and left much of the country in ruins.
Classified documents reveal UKs role in abuse of its own citizens
So we have an Act of Parliament which expressly grants to the Treasury power to disapply ... any rule of law - Lord Chief Justice criticises UKs authoritarian laws
German policeman wins extra week of holiday for time spent getting dressed
Anti-Semitic Alliance - The Shared Extremism of Neo-Nazis and Migrant Youth in Germany
Wanted by the CIA: Wikileaks founder Julian Assange
In Japan, thousands of young men are retreating to their bedrooms and refusing to come out. Why?
If the Vatican is trying to restore the impression that its moral sense is intact, issuing a document that equates pedophilia with the ordination of women doesnt really do that.
Israeli bloggers hold online campaign to convince authorities to connect palestinian village to water supply
Dutch Politician Forms Anti-Islam Coalition.Controversial Dutch politician Geert Wilders has said he is forming an international freedom alliance to amplify his anti-Muslim message across the West.The aim of the alliance is to end immigration of people from Muslim nations
During the worst of the global financial meltdown, Berlin pumped tens of billions of euros into the economy and spent hundreds of billions propping up German banks. Now, the country is reaping the benefits as Germany is once again Europes economic motor.
Syria bans face veils at universities
In Japan but surrounded by U.S. influence, Okinawa struggles with split identity -- Americans, imagine for a second what it would be like to have a Japanese military base in your city.
Drug gang kills 17 partygoers in Mexico: kill them all
China is now the worlds biggest energy consumer, knocking the U.S. off a perch it held for more than a century
Iran urges US to drop cowboy logic over nuclear issue - We are for negotiations, but to do so you have to sit down like a good boy, Mr Ahmadinejad said, referring to the US in a speech broadcast live on state television.
The President of Ireland signed a Civil Partnership Bill for gay couples this morning. The new law provides gay couples with most of the same rights and responsibilities as marriage - tax, social welfare, inheritance.
While the prime minister is dispensing promises about easing restrictions in the territories, Israel is expelling hundreds of shepherds from the Jordan Valley 
Syria bans full Islamic face veils at universities
Wide-eyed primate caught on camera for first time
Germany opens motorway for a party 
The first Palestinian solar-powered car - built from scratch by students with scant resources
Iran calls for more fair world body than UN - 
Bill Clinton and Bill Gates urge more efficient use of funds to fight Aids in the world: Too much money is spent on reports that sit on shelves. I was president for eight years and I had no idea it was as bad as it was. We can fix this
Swiss bank to lift lid on hidden Franz Kafka works
Wikileaks Reopens for Leakers | Threat Level | 
Wired.com
Last Years Deadly Mudslide;  Did an Underground Nazi Factory Cause Disaster?
Syria bans face veils at universities
Tobacco giant Philip Morris found to be purchasing tobacco from landowners using child labor in horrible conditions in Kazakhstan (Video)
A company in Dubai has agreed to buy 30,000 bottles of melted glacial water from Greenland for $52, 40 pr. specially produced glass bottle with a glass top.
Everyone knows designer sunglasses are a rip-off. But did you know theyre all made by the same company?
Spider-infested ship turned back from Guam 
BP is trying to hire top Gulf scientists.  The fine print?  The scientists would be prevented from testifying about what they find for 3 years.  It is not about them testifying for BP, it is about preventing them from testifying against BP.
Newspaper publishes investigation about clothing retailers and child labour. Article disappears.
North Korea executes an ex-Cabinet official who was in charge of talks with South Korea
Scandinavia Bubbling With Happiness :) One theory why is that they have their basic needs taken care of to a higher degree than other countries.  Jim Harter, Gallup
The Swedish Pirate Party Launches The Worlds First Pirate ISP
One of Britains most senior lawyers has delivered a dramatic boost to the campaign to change the law on drugs
Geneticists say Chinese and Tibetans were once one. Neither group likes the idea.
One mans quest for peace, one school at a time, has become required reading for the US military. Al-Qaida and the Taliban are looking at [Afghanistan]  over generations, ... and were looking at it in terms of annual fiscal cycles and presidential elections.
Sicilians commemorate murdered judge Paolo Borsellino - At least one Italian secret service agent reportedly knew in advance about the carefully planned murder
Fmr MI5 Director Understands Blowback, Says Iraq War Triggered UK Bomb Plots - Britains support for the war in Iraq was connected to a series of deadly bombings in London and sparked a rise in domestic attack plots that swamped security services, a former intelligence chief has said.
Accusations of child witchcraft on the rise in Africa
North Korean official in charge of Seoul diplomacy executed
Pakistans Elite Pay Few Taxes, Widening Gap
Israeli Anti-Rocket System Is Ready: Analysts believe the system has a far-reaching impact on the big picture of arms control and global stability
US Taxpayers subsidizes the corrupt rich and powerful in Pakistan who refuse to pay their taxes
Palestinians  living in East Jerusalem are now being forcefully evicted from the homes they were born and raised in because Israel says they are disloyal to the Israeli state. Israel isnt even trying to make up excuses anymore.
South Korea is to seize property and assets from descendants of people they have identified as Japanese collaborators up to 100 years ago. 
Floodwaters just 20m below maximum capacity on Chinas Three Gorges Dam; waterflow strongest ever
First female Lutheran bishop resigns over mishandling of sex abuse case - looks like its not just men!
Afghanistan president calls for Nato troop withdrawal by 2014: Our Afghan national security forces will be responsible for all military and law enforcement operations
Black parents give birth to white baby. Is this common?
The Israeli economy is one of the most 
concentrated in the Western world. Ten business 
groups control 160 public companies, Bank of 
Israel researcher Constantine Kosenco told IDF 
Radio 
Record heat in Moscow leads denizens to take ill-advised dips in the river.  This leads to 77 people drowning...most of whom were drunk.
The police officer filmed pushing a man to the ground during the 2009 G20 protests will not face charges over his death.
The IMF has forgiven Haitis $268 million dollar debt to the fund
Ian Tomlinson collapsed and died after a police officer struck or pushed him. Today it was announced there would be no prosecution into the death. 
Botswana Bushmen denied access to water. The Botswana government capped a well to drive natives out of their homeland.
Archaeologists have discovered a second henge at Stonehenge, described as the most exciting find there in 50 years
Hugo Chavez puts army on alert and breaks absolutely all relations with Colombia, who presented photos and maps it said showed 1,500 FARC terrorists hiding in Venezuela.
Israeli troops kill Palestinian near settlement in West Bank
Kosovos independence is legal, UN court rules - 
Decision in favour of Kosovos independence could have far-reaching implications for other separatist movements
Nigeria has been facing massive, weekly oil spills for decades.
A fifth of UK girls pregnant by 18, survey reveals
German MP calls for fat tax to cover healthcare costs
Chinese police beat the wrong person - bringing to light routine beatings of citizens with grievances.
Nelson Mandelas daughter caught in shoot-out
International Court of Justice in The Hague rules that Kosovos 2008 declaration of independence from Serbia is legal
Lebanon plans to file a complaint about Israeli espionage at the United Nations, according to the countrys information minister, Al-Jazeera reported Thursday.
Ottawa orders affirmative-action overhaul - The Conservatives say race and ethnicity shouldnt enter into the hiring process for federal jobs and have ordered a review of affirmative action policies.
China struggles to contain disasters 
Berlin and Paris aim to block voting rights for EU deficit offenders
Gunmen murder Greek investigative journalist and major contributor to the most popular Greek newsblog
Only in Israel: Torah-only education, Rabbis want to keep public ignorant; in 20 years job market will be nonexistent
Afraid for their jobs, Venezuelan workers protect factory from being stormed
State Dept Plans to Take Over Iraq Operations With Its Own Army --   US State Department is hastily assembling its own army of contractors to continue the war past the end of the Status of Forces Agreement deadline.
Swedish women vote to keep their tops on - Swedes, long famous round the world for their relaxed attitude to nudity, are now some of Europes biggest prudes, according to a new survey.
Kosovo independence legal, says UN court. What will Russia do?
Former MI5 chief delivers damning verdict on Iraq invasion
I am a Chinese web user. Today is a very happy day for me.
The Vietnam war ended 35 years ago, but children are still being born with birth defects from chemical poisoning from Agent Orange, contaminated with deadly dioxin, sprayed by the US forces
Australian government releases Internet snooping proposal with 90% of the document blacked out so as not to cause premature and unnecessary debate.
UK acts to prevent arrest of Pope: Govt worried over plans by Dawkins and Hitchens to have Pope arrested for crimes against humanity, because of his alleged cover-up  of priestly assaults on children
Chronicling the Holocaust from Inside the Ghetto - Roughly 50 men and women in the Warsaw Ghetto chose a special form of resistance. In a secret archive, they documented their path to doom for future generations, chronicling the Nazis crimes as they were being perpetrated.
Catholic sex scandal as undercover reporter films priests at gay clubs and having casual flings
A magnitude 7.3 quake has hit the Moro Gulf in the Philippines.
Doubts surface on North Koreas role in ship sinking
A top court in Germany has ruled that the countrys domestic intelligence agency may monitor the far-left Left Party. Commentators on Thursday argue that the party may have many failings, but a desire to overthrow democracy isnt one of them.
War On Drugs Helps Spread AIDS (and no one in power cares)
Jordan River Too Polluted for Baptisms: The site of Jesus baptism is dangerously contaminated, urges tourists to stay out of the rivers waters
Hugo Chavez severs ties with Colombia
7.3-magnitude earthquake strikes off Philippines
France to sell two Mistral-class warships to Russia
Israel to release Turkey ships seized during Gaza flotilla raid
UK: Health inequality as severe as during the great depression
Chinas Dangerous Arrogance | An increasingly assertive China is creating its own Monroe Doctrine for Asias seasand threatening longstanding freedoms.
Remember that controversial agreement so the US could use seven Colombian military bases? The Colombian Constitutional Court might declare it unconstitutional next month.
Porn suddenly available in China
India unveils $35 computer for students
Parody of the Jay-Z Alicia Keys song, New York, based around the very unromantic Welsh town of Newport, becomes internet sensation. Includes video
BBC News - Trafigura found guilty of exporting toxic waste
Turkey: Political reform falters as violence spreads at a rapid pace
Australian government blocks out 90% of document on web-spying plans
When Hillary Clinton, the US secretary of state, visited Vietnam on Thursday she extolled the countrys unlimited potential and strong trade relations with the US. But the words must have rung hollow for Ngyuen Ngoc Phuong, who has seen his potential destroyed by American chemical poisoning. 
Wikileaks+Guardian.co.uk: Afghanistan: The war logs. Massive leak of secret files exposes truth of occupation. Includes interview with Wikileaks Julian Assange.
Prisoners in a northern Mexico  jail were allowed out at night to carry out murder-for-hire jobs using jail guards weapons and vehicles, revealing a level of corruption that is stunning even in a country where prison breakouts are common as guards look the other way.
Wikileaks: Pakistan state spy services meet directly with the Taliban to organize networks of militant groups against American soldiers in Afghanistan and assassinate Afghan leaders, all to ensure their US war on terror funding.
No one whos been paying attention should be surprised by the WikiLeaks documents about the war in Afghanistan. By Fred Kaplan 
Wyclef Jean is going to run for President of Haiti
United Students Against Sweatshops forces Nike to pay $1.54 million to help 1,800 workers in Honduras  who lost their jobs when two subcontractors closed their factories
Wikileaks Afghanistan files: every IED attack and roadside bomb, with co-ordinates
Oliver Stone: Jewish control of the media is preventing free Holocaust debate
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange live news conference. Now.
Former KGB Agent: Weapons Expert David Kelly Did Not Commit Suicide
Afghanistan war logs: How US marines sanitised record of bloodbath after killing 19 civilians.
Whatever happens, Israel can always count on U.S. evangelicals - Thousands of Christian activists descended on Washington this week in a show of strength by Americas pro-Israel Christians.
WikiLeaks Founder Julian Assange on the Afghanistan war logs: I Enjoy Crushing Bastards
Pakistans military spy service has guided the Afghan insurgency with a hidden hand, even as Pakistan receives more than $1 billion a year from Washington for its help combating militants
As many as 200 women are tortured and lynched every year in India after being accused of practising witchcraft.
These leaked documents against me are fiction and nothing else said Pakistan Intelligence officer
VIDEO: He may by now be one of the most well known whistleblowers of all time. He publicly makes enemies of those who probably have no compunctions about ordering his assassination. Julian Assange, about how WikiLeaks operates, what it has accomplished, and about what drives him.
In Disclosing Secret Documents, WikiLeaks Seeks Transparency: It operates from servers in several countries, including Sweden and Belgium, where laws provided more protection for its disclosures
WikiLeaks founder says the release of U.S. military documents is like opening the files of East Germanys secret Stasi police and that appears to be evidence of war crimes
Brazilian tribes took 100 workers hostage at construction site of hydroelectric plant in southern Amazon which they say was built on ancient burial site
Chile Reject Catholic Churchs call to pardon dozens of imprisoned military officials convicted of human rights violations
Palestinian doctor still has hope even after IDF killed 3 of his daughters and a niece when they fired a shell into their bedroom.
Strange bedfellows? Mossad chief reportedly visited Saudi Arabia for talks on Iran.
Guards and officials at a prison in northern Mexico let inmates out, lent them guns and sent them off in official vehicles to carry out drug-related killings, including the massacre of 17 
US-South Korea military exercises begin: All eyes are on Pyongyang as the US leads maneuvers in the Sea of Japan.
Theres a wide discrepancy, and we need to know. Canadian military: The loss of four Canadian soldiers in September 2006 was the result of insurgent activity. Newly released WikiLeaks document: The Canadian soldiers werent killed by the Taliban but rather by friendly fire from U.S. forces.
British Prime Minister David Cameron calls Gaza a prison camp, a blunt description from a major Western leader about the besieged Palestinian territory.
How ISI paid Taliban to hit Indians - Wikileaks
Church children beaten and branded for witchcraft by preachers in the UK
Cameron: Gaza cannot and must not be allowed to remain a prison camp.
WikiLeaks fallout: The Taliban and the ISI -- Pakistani intelligence fooled only those who didnt pay attention.
UK soldier: Jail better than Afghan war - A former British soldier who was previously jailed for refusing to fight in Afghanistan has told an anti-war rally that every second he spent behind bars was worth his decision.
Nobel Peace Prizes are being awarded illegally. Norwegian author claims the committee behind the coveted award routinely violates the terms of Alfred Nobels will.
The daily newspaper Hankyoreh reported yesterday that Russia has concluded the sinking of the South Korean warship Cheonan was a sea mine accident, not a torpedo attack by North Korea.
Pakistan Taliban: India is our domain, and we will attack to take possession of it...whether they are Hindus or Jews, they all are the same
Bin Laden among latest Wikileaks Afghan revelations - New details, including reports on Osama Bin Laden dating from 2006, have emerged from 90,000 US military files leaked to the Wikileaks website.
Cameron backs Turkeys bid to join EU:  I believe it is just wrong to say that Turkey can guard the camp but not be allowed to sit in the tent. 
A clear majority of Danes support the idea of injection cabins for addicts.
Wiki points to Australian cover-up - CLASSIFIED US Defence Department documents leaked to the WikiLeaks website this week suggest the Australian Defence Force covered up the killing of an Afghan policeman by Australian troops.
Its No Secret: Afghanistan Is a Quagmire - The most shocking thing about the War Diary may be that it fails to shock. The documents illustrate how futileand tragically wastefulit is to send more young men and women to fight and die in Afghanistan.
Mock Trial; How America is helping to whitewash the Cambodian genocide.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange is a hacker fighting for the freedom of information
Israel demolishes Bedouin village
Four reasons to believe in Brazil, according to The Economist
India kills 200 witches a year
WikiLeaks Has 3 Times More Documents on Iraq Than It Just Released on Afghanistan
New Oil Spill In Battle Creek Michigan This Time By Canadian Company
Toxic legacy of US assault on Fallujah worse than Hiroshima
Wikileaks source bradass87 - the former army analyst facing 52 years in prison
Black Sea challenge by U.S. set to keep Russia on edge
Dutch troops withdraw from Afghanistan
Inmates of a prison in Cebu, Philippines are given less food, smaller beds and few benefits of any kind if they do not dance to Michael Jackson songs for tourists.
US, Canada, Britain &amp; Australia refuse to support call for `the human right to water and sanitation
Peru declares state of emergency amid plunging temperatures: Hundreds of children died from freezing conditions that have seen temperatures plummet to a 50-year low of -24C
British child prodigy, aged 7yrs, dubbed Mini Monet, sells latest paintings for 150,000!
Ahmadinejad Challenges Obama to TV Debate: We are ready to sit with his Excellency Obama, face to face, free and before media, to put the worlds issues on the table to find out whose solution is better
BBC Admits al Qaeda Never Existed
Israel is now deporting small children who were born in Israel, speak Hebrew and have never seen their parents native countries.
5 rockets fired from Sinai, two fall into the Red Sea, two fall on Jordan, one on Israel, four people injured. 
UN announces panel to investigate Gaza flotilla raid
Half of Indias population lives below the poverty line. According to an Oxford University study, 55 percent of Indias population of 1.1 billion, or 645 million people, are living in poverty. Using a newly-developed index, the study found that about one-third of the worlds poor live in India.
Three-quarters of UK non-Muslims believe Islam negative for Britain
Layers of trash floating in the Yangtze river are threatening to jam Chinas massive Three Gorges hydro-electric dam.
Israel and Hamas may be headed for another war as violence escalates in Gaza
WikiLeaks will fund itself via Flattr, Pirate Bay founders startup
A huge explosion destroyed the home of a senior Hamas commander and injured 24
As Drug War Turns Into Quagmire, Fear Rules Mexico
UN Declares Water a Fundamental Human Right -- U.S. Abstains from Voting on Resolution.
Bedouin village razed in Negev as lsraelis cheer on
53.7% of Palestinians want rocket attacks to stop, 43.7% support them
Now that Hezbollahs leader has indicated that undisciplined members may have taken part in the assassination of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri, a challenge has emerged for his son. Will Saad Hariri, the current prime minister, dare to challenge a group he shares power with?
Police arrest third suspect in Jewish terrorist affair: Israeli security forces arrested a man suspected of assisting Jewish terrorist Chaim Pearlman in stabbing several Arabs in East Jerusalem over an extended period of time. The suspect was released several hours after being taken into custody
A string of rockets was fired early Monday toward the Israeli resort city Eilat, and one hit in neighboring Jordan, killing one person and wounding four
Cambodia in clasp of cluster bombs.
At least 26 million cluster bombs were dropped on Cambodia by the United States during the Vietnam War in the 1960s and 70s.
Indonesia Embarks on Fruitless Campaign to Ban Pornography
28,000 deaths caused by the war on drugs in Mexico. Finally, president Felipe Calderon agrees to discuss about drug legalization.
Israeli troops south of border when Lebanon fired, U.N. says
A photographer captures the tragic death of a firefighter in a oil spill in China over 47 photos.
TV cameras capture the distressing moment a 5yr-old Palestinian boy sees his father arrested for stealing water
One fine June day, the author is launching his best-selling memoir, Hitch-22. The next, hes throwing up backstage at The Daily Show,  in a brief bout of denial, before entering the unfamiliar countrywith its egalitarian spirit, martial metaphors, and hard bargains of people who have cancer.
Peru suffers deadly outbreak of bubonic and pneumonic plague 
Oldest university on earth is reborn after 800 years -
New Evidence About Prisoners Held in Secret CIA Prisons in Poland and Romania
Iran denies grenade attack on Ahmadinejad
Pakisan flooding in photos. (photo essay)
Sudan sentences 19 young Muslim men to 30 lashes and a fine for breaking moral codes by wearing womens clothes and makeup
Israeli rabbis are set to ban the burka for a small group of radical Jewish women who have taken to wearing it.
Lebanon: We fired first at IDF unit near Israel border
Six of South Africas 13 traditional monarchies will no longer be recognized.
Iran claims to have S-300 surface-to-air missiles
A 26-year-old man is arrested in China following a knife attack at a school in which at least three children were killed. 
DR Congo frees 11,506 children from mines
Israeli troops on own side in Lebanon clash, UN says
Berlusconis Nemesis: Will Silvio Berlusconis former ally be the one to end his reign?
Germany Looks to Tighten Up Public Drinking Rules
Its official: Saudi Arabia bans BlackBerries
Israel continues uprooting trees on Lebanon border after fatal clash
BP says static kill to stop oil leak was successful
BBC News - Danish politics rocked over Kinnock tax status
Kenya votes on new constitution amid high security
More than 800 Russian wildfires have been reported since they first ignited nearly a week ago. The wildfires, a result of the countrys worst heat wave in recorded history, have claimed 52 lives thus far and left more than 3,000 people homeless (w/pics)
Japan became rich as Americas compliant vassal state. Now Japans efforts to move on are being thwarted by the US.
Interview with Eric Morgolis: US media ignoring explosive testimony in UK.  MI5 told Blair that Iraq was no threat.  US intelligence created stories in the middle east about Iraq and when they were reported, used it to garner support.
Milk powder + Hormones + Girl Children developing breasts, = CHINA once again... (companies name is Synutra) + product still being sold...
Israel releases Mordechai Vanunu after three months in prison
Iran Sentences Bahai Leaders to 20 Years in Prison
U.S. Supersizes Afghan Mega-Base as Withdrawal Date Looms 
Moscow authorities have been forced to acknowledge that the heat and smoke of the last week have doubled the citys mortality rates
Oil firm wins battle to identify chatroom users
Switzerland is the small exception in a united - and ever bigger - Europe. 
Landless and illiterate, drowned by debt, Mr. Bhuria and his ailing children have staggered into the hospital ward after falling through Indias social safety net.  His daughter, Nani, is 4 and weighs 20 pounds. His son, Jogdiya, is 2 and weighs only eight.
South Korea uncovers explosive, flammable and corrosive automotive refrigerant from China
U.N. to return to Somalia after 17 Years
Iran To Execute 18-Year-Old Ebrahim Hamidi On False Charge Of Sodomy
This Is How It Feels to Be Under a Nuclear Attack (NSFW)
Netanyahu Says Israel Wont Allow Panel to Question Soldiers
The daily mortality rate in Moscow has doubled and morgues are overflowing amid an acrid smog caused by the worst heatwave in Russias thousand-year history
Admission by Admiral Mullen that the U.S. has plans to attack Iran to prevent that country from acquiring nuclear weapons, is being treated with the utmost seriousness in political, intelligence and military circles in Tehran.
Chinas Warhol Gets Dirty: I hate the Chinese propaganda machine so much
Discovering Narrative: The Value Of Ignorance - 
Top journalist, author of Black Hawk Down, on learning the trade. You would be amazed at how much more a guy will tell you with a beer in his hand
German police shut down the Hamburg mosque where the 9/11 hijackers met before their suicide attacks on the US in 2001
Germanys Justice Ministry says it is looking into the possibility of jailing an 88-year-old man more than 60 years after his conviction for Nazi war crimes in the Netherlands
No-frills hotels arrive in the UK (its even extra for a clean room)
North Korea fires artillery off west coast.
Nasrallah has implicated Israel for the murder of the former Lebanese PM -- Among the material presented was what he described as Israeli reconaissance footage intercepted by Hezbollah of areas frequented by the former PM.
Noam Chomsky: The Real Reasons the U.S. Enables Israeli Crimes and Atrocities
Parents complain that their kids are getting rashes and becoming ill from the schools Wi-Fi, demand it be turned off
Take that Sweden! Newsweek crowns Finland as the worlds best country.
Australia should become a republic when Queen Elizabeth II dies, Prime Minister Julia Gillard has said just days ahead of a general election.
To the rest of the world, if you wanted to know how fucked up our Prime Minister is in Canada, the following article pretty much sums it up: Harper gallery leaves MPs speechless 
Whats It Like To Be A Tourist in North Korea?
Jewish Community leaders are battling to stop an exhibition of paintings by children from Gaza
Karzais impossible decree: A push to oust private security firms from Afghanistan puts fear of god into foreign forces
Private security companies will have to end operations in Afghanistan in four months time, President Hamid Karzai has ordered.
Top UK doctor: drug laws should be reconsidered with a view to decriminalising illicit drugs use
Newsweek just announced the 100 best countries in the world. Are you surprised about their choices?
Activists Urge France to Repay Independence Debt to Haiti
China overtakes japan as second largest economy
This girls father, Bassam, is an incredible man dedicated to nonviolence - Israel ruled responsible for death of Palestinian girl
Pakistan Flood: Photos
A large suicide bombing strike hit Iraqi army recruits killing 41 and injuring at least 112
To find the arsenic that poisons millions in Bangladesh, trace a winding path from clouds to underground aquifers and back up the village well
Israeli abuse pictures common
Brazilian TV and radio broadcasters are legally forbidden from making fun of candidates ahead of the nations election.
David Kelly: forensic experts say Hutton inquiry scientifically sound. Doubts ascribed to partial knowledge,
Blow-by-blow account written in a tell-all letter from prison by the prime-accused of a Train Sabotage in India
Israeli in Facebook pictures says I did nothing wrong
Boy with no chin: Doctors say nothing more can be done....surely not?
Civil suit verdict: Israeli border guards had either been negligent or disobeyed orders in fatally shooting Abir Aramin, a 10 yr old Palestinian girl, in the head with a rubber bullet, calling the incident totally unjustifiable. 
Pentagon report: China extending military reach
WikiLeaks gets new host -- Swedens Pirate Party - The whistleblower website WikiLeaks will place several new servers with the Swedish Pirate Party, the group which campaigns for more freedom on the Internet said Tuesday.
Role reversal Saudi comedy provokes anger among male population
Wikipedia editing courses launched by Zionist groups
Palestinian acheives the impossible: bringing Israeli soldiers to justice for the shooting of his 10yr old daughter. 
51 people killed in Juarez over weekend - El Paso Times
Britain: Call to re-open inquest into death of Dr. David Kelly. The call for a re-opening of an inquest into the July 2003 death of Ministry of Defence weapons expert Dr. David Kelly has been taken up by high-ranking establishment figures.
North Koreans air force pilot crashes near border with China in an attempt to defect to Russia.
Brazil bans satire ahead of Presidential election. [Not The Onion]
Thailand blocking WikiLeaks, says official
Mexican Drug War Strikes Again: Mayor of The Affluent City, Monterrey, Kidnapped and Found Dead
Muslim fear as Ramadan festival clashes with 9/11 anniversary
A Dutch city seeks to end drug tourism as crime rates rise
Moscow bans Vodka between 10:00 pm and 10:00 am
Israels settler movement is set to invade wikipedia, bent on giving it Zionist editing
What a coincidence: The day before the September 11 attacks, the Bush administration agreed on a plan to oust the Taliban regime in Afghanistan by force if it refused to hand over Osama bin Laden, according to a report by a bipartisan commission of inquiry.
People may one day have to change their names in order to escape their previous online activity, Google boss Eric Schmidt has warned.
North Korean Plane Crashes in China
Greece reassures Arab allies over Israel ties
3 Reasons Israel wont bomb Iran
Iran Bans More Newspapers And Publications
Romania expels Russian diplomat
Expert: Lockerbie Bomber could live for years
North Korea creates Twitter and YouTube presence
New pictures emerge of Israeli troops posing with handcuffed Palestinian prisoners
Israeli homophobia is ignored in the US 
Israel Nature and Parks Authority workers refused to let a gay couple with two children enter two sites over the weekend, claiming the familys membership was for straight couples only. 
A couple is a man and a woman, not a man and a man,
Criminalization of drug use is spreading HIV
BBC News - Fort Carson soldiers killing spree after Iraq combat
Former Swedish chief prosecutor demands explanation for Assange arrest order
Catholic priest behind 1972 IRA bombing was protected by church and government officials
Wikileaks Releasing CIA Paper Today [CNN]
Russia returns to Afghanistan to fight drug war and smuggling with U.S. approval
Marines find 72 bodies in northern Mexico
UK: MI6 worker found murdered in London flat
Pakistan is a failed state, not because of Zardari, and not because of America.
The European Unions top diplomat has slammed Israel for convicting a Palestinian activist who leads protests against the West Bank separation barrier
The biggest megalopolis youve never heard of hides in the fog
Nearly 600 Israelis have signed up for a campaign of civil disobedience, vowing to risk jail to smuggle Palestinian women and children into Israel for a brief taste of life outside the occupied West Bank
The Anarchic Republic of Pakistan | Deep state of military and intelligence officials, supported by US, is nourishing terrorism, ruining country. Civilians helpless, politicians corrupt. A creeping coup dtat by the forces of darkness 
Finland Suspends Swine Flu Shots After Vaccine Linked With Neurological Disorder: Finlands National Institute for Health and Welfare (THL) has suspended the use of the H1N1 vaccine over fears that the shot is linked with narcolepsy.
Iran: Blogger May Face Charge of Waging War Against God
British spy found murdered in London flat
Hamas: Exiled leader Meshaal deems Abbas too weak in upcoming talks (fatal blow to the Palestinian cause), urges Egypt and Jordan to boycott
Avigdor Lieberman, told Israel Radio: he realized that resuming settlement construction would antagonize both the U.S. and the Palestinians. But he said that maintaining tight restrictions on building would punish tens of thousands of people in the settlement
Iran Test-Fires New Version of Fateh Missle To Add To Its Growing Arsenal 
Hair Today, Prime Minister Tomorrow - Funny piece, serious point. Working-class Turkish men have moustaches. Politicians must do same, to get votes. Opposition party doing much better after dumping clean-shaven leader for man with whiskers
Devastating series of attacks across Iraq kill 55 
Bolivian killing of Irish national allegedly linked to CIA.
Mexican president says violence is progress in drug war
Bodies of 72 People Found in Mass Grave in Northern 
Mexico After Shootout
France in Afghanistan As Long As Necessary - France will remain engaged in Afghanistan, with its allies, for as long as necessary and for as long as the Afghan people wish, said President Nicolas Sarkozy.
Vietnam Adopts George Washingtons Non-Interventionist Foreign Policy - Gen. Vinh reconfirmed the three pillars of Vietnams defense policy: not joining in any military alliances or becoming a military ally of any country; not allowing any country to set up military bases in Vietnam...
City of Toronto first in North America to formally endorses harm reduction on drug use
Found: BPs Missing Oil
Westerners vs. the World - Western social science relies on behavioural studies using Western participants. But in matters such as fairness, individualism, conformism, Westerners are outliers by world standards 
Israeli education ministry approves new whites-only settlement school.
Decoding of wheat genome hailed as most significant breakthrough in wheat production in 10,000 years
The clock has run out on Facebook to revamp its privacy rules to avoid a public showdown with Canadas privacy czar over how it protects personal information
Newsweek asking the tough questions: Is WikiLeaks Too Full of Itself?
Israeli Actors Boycott Theater in an Illegal Settlement
Iran issues fatwa against pets: Many people in the West love their dogs more than their wives and children
Flooding has displaced an additional 1 million people in Pakistan in the past 48 hours: 17 million affected
Way braver than me.  Video of the upbeat Chilean miners trapped deep underground for at least weeks, if not months.
Passengers mistakingly told to prepare for a crash landing
Australian commandos face likely charges over child deaths during capture or kill mission
Police in Japan have arrested
the daughter and
granddaughter of a centenarian
believed to be Tokyos oldest
man whose mummified
remains were found last month.
Police in the central Indian state
of Madhya Pradesh say they are
investigating the disappearance
of several hundred tonnes of
explosives.
U.K. think tank says foreign policy will cause domestic terrorism
How Much Does It Cost To Run A Failed State?
Burqa Bans, Halal Debate: Are the French Taking Secularism Too Far? What say you?
Denmark Turns Down Obamas Request for F-16s - Denmark has turned down a NATO request to send F-16 fighters to Afghanistan as it believes it has done enough for the international military mission there.
Prosecutor in Mexico Massacre Feared Dead
Spain Rethinks Afghanistan After Shooting
George Mitchell, told Lebanese Army chief of staff Jean Kahwaji that Israel was ready to implement a plan to destroy within four hours all Lebanese military infrastructure, including army bases and offices
Tornado hits Essex as forecasters give hope of sunshine for Bank Holiday weekend
Fidel Castro: Osama bin Laden a subordinate of George W. Bush
To offset the spate of negative stories on the Israeli Defense Force heres the Combatants Letter, Signed by 500+ Soldiers that refuse to serve in the occupied territories. 
Et tu, Israel? A singer who performed in front of a mixed audience of men and women was
lashed 39 times to make him repent, after a ruling by a self-described
rabbinic court on Wednesday.
BREAKING The bloodiest fist of one of the biggest drug cartels in Mexico just fell.
An Israeli army officer who fired the entire magazine of his automatic rifle into a 13-year-old Palestinian girl and then said he would have done the same even if she had been three years old was acquitted on all charges by a military court yesterday.
How to Kill Goyim and Influence People: A rabbinical guidebook for killing non-Jews has sparked an uproar in Israel and exposed the power a bunch of genocidal theocrats wield over the government
Ramadan 2010 - The Big Picture
Israel set to build wings for some 800 F-35s - Israel is in talks to build the wings for about a quarter of the United Statess new F-35 stealth fighter aircraft... Lockheed Martin currently plans to build some 3,200 F-35s costing about $96 million each.
Fidel Castro accepts responsibility for persecution of Cuban gays
Unicef ambassador Ewen McGregor speaks on behalf of the 3.5million children and millions more who have been affected by the Pakistan floods. :(
Tasmania has approved laws recognising same sex marriage.
For years, the people living in a small village in 
Russia were kept ignorant in that they were living 
in the most radioactively polluted place on earth.
4 Israelis killed in West Bank shooting attack
Fake goods are fine, says EU study 
You all remember what happened at Haiti. Heres a video from Aljazeera of Haiti after 6 months.
Fidel Castro says he feels revived
Afghan Government Moves to Bailout Leading Bank - The sudden intervention by the Afghan government to shore up a deeply troubled bank sent shock waves through the capital, prompting fears among American and Afghan officials about the integrity of the countrys financial system.
French Riviera Hijacked By Russian Mafia
800,000 refugees in Syria drought, most relocated to camps, have no access to electricity or running water, no schools, many children must work to sustain their families
Disaster prompts resurgence for Pakistan Army
Brito dies waiting for an aswer from President Chvez
Four Israelis killed in shooting attack near Hebron, including a pregnant woman, one day before start of peace talks
Argentina has ruled that search engines are not responsible for the content of sites that they index. The court overturned a lower courts ruling against Google and Yahoo! Argentina.
Mubarak signals Egypt succession by taking son to Washington
BBC News - Iranian insults against Carla Bruni-Sarkozy unacceptable - France
Tony Blair: I knew Gordon Brown would be a disaster
Monsanto Uprooted :: Germany Bans Cultivation of GM Corn
Sweden to reopen WikiLeaks rape case against Julian Assange: There is reason to believe that a crime has been committed
Castro admits injustice for gays and lesbians during revolution: They were moments of great injustice ... if someone is responsible, its me.
US man nabbed for blasphemy in Indonesia, could face 5 years in jail for unplugging loudspeaker of mosque that woke him during the night.
Peak Oil and the German Government: Military Study Warns of a Potentially Drastic Oil Crisis
Leaving Iraq, Remembering Roy - 
Remarkably moving piece of writing. US officer pays tribute to brave young interpreter who joined Americans after al-Qaeda beheaded two of his classmates. Spoiler: it doesnt end happily
Oil Balls Landing on Indian Beaches
Ian Tomlinson (protester killed at G20 in London) update: pathologist who conducted the autopsy suspended from the Home Office register of forensic pathologists for misconduct amid questions about his post-mortem examination of Mr Tomlinson
4 Israelis wounded in shooting attack near Hebron
Sharia Justice Compassion: 90-year-old Saudi to get 100 lashes
At least six killed in Mozambique protests over bread prices
The Stigs identity revealed over legal battle
Ive watched the death of too many civilians, women and children getting killed for doing nothing more than stepping out of the their house. ... Pulling troops from Iraq, theyre just going to be sent to Afghanistan.  Ethan McCord, ground troop involved in WikiLeaks video
After more than 7 years of war, Iraqis are still scrambling to forge a working government
Armenian troops commit sabotage act on Azerbaijani territory, both sides have losses
Next step in gradual phasing out of incandescent lightbulbs has begun in the EU. Two more years and theyll all be gone.
Ikeshima: Goodbye to old King Coal - Beautiful, sad, photo-essay about near-deserted Japanese island, once home of countrys last working coalmines. Twelve children in school built for 1,500. One restaurant. Lots, and lots, of rust  
Ghanaian prostitutes in Nigeria on strike (somewhat NSFW)
 Is Germany Becoming Islamophobic?
 North Korea vowed to strengthen military ties with 
China on Wednesday, days after the Norths leader 
Kim Jong-il finished a visit aimed at bolstering the 
bond with his isolated countrys sole major 
supporter
Pakistan government air raid kills 45 militants and their families
Warning, getting fat may cause travel problems. Man arrested and detained by the authorities in Amsterdam on the basis that he did not resemble the person in his passport photograph.
International law enforcement agencies have combined to dismantle an alleged organised child exploitation network that had been operating via the social networking site Facebook
I am a refugee
Blasts kill up to eight in Pakistans Lahore, 100 hurt
Israel is willing to make a sweeping concession - dividing control of Jerusalem - as part of a historic final peace pact with Palestinians and drop its demand that Jerusalem would remain the undivided capital of Israel
In just ten years, Brazil has turned itself into one of the worlds breadbaskets. Is Africa next?
There was no room on our deck so we just started pushing helicopters overboard. We figured humans were much more important than the hardware.  -  Valor at the Vietnam Wars End, a 3-part series from NPR. 
US told EU to hide ACTA from public
Here is an English translation of the executive summary from the leaked German military study which predicted a severe global energy crisis dramatically shifting the balance of world power brought on by peak oil. [Its lengthy, but youll be astounded at the global ramifications and consequences].
Tony Blair: We must be prepared for attack on Iran
Another Gulf oil rig explodes off La. coast
Top British law enforcement official moves toward re-opening investigation into mysterious 2003 death of WMD inspector...
Germany has been making some good decisions lately. First the Monsanto ban, now: The German government has tabled a draft bill that would ban employers from profiling job applicants on social networks such as Facebook and prevent clandestine video surveillance at work. 
Pakistani officers ditch Pentagon meeting after airport detention
China: Too cheap to avoid a traffic jam
10 civilians are killed and 2 others are wounded after being struck by NATO during an election campaign in Rostaq, Afghanistan. Originally, a spokesman had said a precision air strike had hit a militant vehicle.
Afghanistan: Hamid Karzai in panic as graft probe closes in
Mozambique bread riots spread as police shoot protesters 
Iraq set to become one of Americas biggest markets for arms exports; Deals worth $13 billion for Abrams tanks and other equipment are currently being negotiated, and a $3 billion F16 fighter contract is set to follow.
Why Israelis Dont Care About Peace with Palestinians 
Mahmoud Karzai, the brother of the Afghan president, wants the US to bail out Afghanistans biggest bank which is in danger of collapse.
Shock: Tony Blair apologizes for killings in Iraq
HSH Nordbank - Germanys Nordbank Embroiled in Frame-Up Allegations - German state-owned bank HSH Nordbank is caught up in a furor of allegations that it used break-ins, bugging and planting of child pornography on a laptop computer to engineer the ousting of high-level employees.
Netanyahu and Abbas to Begin Direct Mideast Peace Talks
German Military: Peak Oil could lead to collapse of democracy
Fidel Castro regrets discrimination against gays in Cuba
The Chinese government on Wednesday began to require cellphone users to furnish identification when buying SIM cards, a move officials cast as an effort to rein in burgeoning cellphone spam, pornography and fraud schemes
In South Africas public sector strike, workers have switched off fridges at the Durban mortuary, cut identification tags off bodies and mixed the bodies up....
Syria holds Lebanon Shiite cleric as suspected Israeli spy
Associated Press standards editor to staff: Combat in Iraq is not over, and we should not uncritically repeat suggestions that it is, even if they come from senior officials. The situation on the ground in Iraq is no different today than it has been for some months.
Israel: Soldier admits to looting Turkish aid flotilla ship
Russian Submarine Hunts Clues to Century-Old Mystery. Legend has it that almost a century ago a series of railway wagons stuffed with gold sank into the depths of a lake in Siberia. This week, researchers, exploring the depths by submarine, may have found the Russian royals lost gold.
Cheerleaders cover their skin to avoid offending the Iranians at US vs Iran basketball game
Hamas, 10 other groups pledge to continue targeting Israelis
The European Commission has suspended plans, resisted by Ireland, to allow the transfer to Israel and storage there of sensitive personal data on European citizens
Russian spy found dead on beach may have been killed
United Nations now says 240 women, girls, and babies may have been raped in DR Congo town.
Energy in Brazil: The sugar industry produces food, fuel and environmental benefits. How fast it grows may depend on an argument about how it should be regulated
Murdoch Reporterss Phone-Hacking Was Endemic, Victimized Hundreds - Andy Coulson, currently media advisor to British Prime Minister David Cameron, is accused of having encouraged the hacking during his tenure as editor of Murdochs News of the World paper
13 Palestinian armed groups vow to step up attacks against Israel
Europe deporting Iraqi refugees now that combat operations are over
Pakistani news site tries hard to blame India and the West for Cricket match fixing scandal
High-profile Portugal child sex abuse proved
Spanish Mecca disco angers some Muslims
Karzai moves to assure Afghan depositors: The Kabul Bank intervention sparks a rush of withdrawals
Testing Chvez - If the polls are reliable, it seems that Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez will be tested on September 26. For the defenders of Venezuelan democracy, the test will come the morning after
The Peanut Solution
Suicide blast rips through Pakistan city, 43 dead
NATO attack kills 10 civilian campaign workers in Afghanistan.  Press release calls it a precision air strike. US SecDef says hes not aware of civilian casualties and that the attack hit its intended target.  In other news, US complains Karzai is not doing enough to fight corruption.
Russia extends ban on Aug. wheat exports
A virtual counter-revolution | The Economist
Israeli and Palestinian leaders begin framework talks 
on a peace deal
Mexico drug war: the new killing fields
Iran opposition leaders home attacked
For them, there is no safe place. They are raped when harvesting crops; when going to market; when fetching water and firewood; when carrying their babies; when in their homes at night, among their loved ones.
Prison break: 680 have escaped.
European Parliament calls for immediate disclosure ACTA -- Finally! 
Al Jazeera English documentary: A look at how the swell of Chinese globalisation is having an impact on the coast of Africa.
A tradition in Masonry is to crave the faces of Masons into the Gargoyles, this time the Mason was a Muslim and the project was a Catholic Church.  Rightist groups are now accusing Islam of taking over their Churches.
As students around the world head back to school, many of the lessons theyre learning are not only false -- theyre dangerous
Book: Racist Churchill let millions of Indians starve to death
Israel worried by Americas proposal for international force in Palestinian territory
A now-discharged US sergeant who served in Iraq secretly planted grenades in the cars of Iraqis at check points, for a prank. Hes caused controversy because he filmed himself and the reaction of drivers as a joke, and posted it on YouTube.
Report: Castro says Cuban model doesnt work
Beware of Greeks Bearing Bonds.  Excellent Vanity Fair article about the problems of Greece
59% of Israeli teens dont want Arab students in their class - The survey...also revealed that 59% of teens aged 15 to 18 believe that Arab students should not have equal rights in schools.     
    
- Arab News
Brazil has conducted its latest census 100% digitally, using 150,000 smartphones
	Ironic update in the Assange case: Theres a leak in the police dept.
	China blacks out towns to meet energy goal 
	Trapped in a Chilean mine - moving photos [pics]
	The Menacing Nature Of The Herd Mentality - Comradeship is usually a good thing. Crowds are often fun. But in politics (and on reddit) they are dangerous. They encourage simplicity and selfishness, override individual conscience. Crowd easily becomes mob 
	Fidel Castro criticises Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
	N.Korea prepares for leader succession with first congress of ruling party in 30 years
	Palestinian militants fired a mortar round from the Gaza Strip on Wednesday narrowly missing a kindergarten in a kibbutz in southern Israel
	A diplomatic row has intensified
between China and Japan after
collisions between two
Japanese patrol boats and a
Chinese trawler on Tuesday.
Lone Chinese dissident decries an era of mediocrity
Im a Roman Catholic... I dont know if Ive ever seen a Roman Catholic cut anybodys head off, slice somebodys throat or abuse women. Really???
Film industry hires cyber hitmen to take down internet pirates
Clinton sees drug insurgency in Mexico - Government has lost control to cartels
Afghan insurgents give captive reporter a cell phone to show them the Internet, so he tweets his whereabouts. 
Terrorism : Suicide attack in Russia kills 15, wounds over 100
Olympic Disaster in Vancouver, Taxpayers on Hook for $1 Billion Ghost Town
Anti-Israel boycotts are gaining speed
What America Left Behind in Iraq - Its even uglier than you think.
UK MPs were too scared to testify in court against Rupert Murdoch
Merkel to honor Mohammed cartoonist at press award
| Reuters
How could this POSSIBLY go wrong?
Robert Fisk: The lie behind mass suicides of Egypts young women - 
Part three of our series demolishes the official claim that Egypt, where a farmer decapitated his own daughter, has no honour killings
The Other 9/11
Burn-a-Quran pastor used flock as slaves, says ex-worshipper - Emma Jones, the pastors daughter from his first marriage, has described her fathers church as a cult.
Assassination of Mexican mayor is third in less than a month
Chinas UN diplomat in drunken rant against Americans
Iran to release one of three US hikers
Former NKorea soldiers launch group to topple regime
Creepy Biometric IDs to Be Forced Onto Indias 1.2 Billion Inhabitants
Romania attempts to tax witches and fortune tellers
Proposals to tax witches and fortune tellers in Romania were voted down by senators.
The politicians who had drafted the new law claim it is because they feared they would be cursed if they passed the plans. 
Back to Russia, With Love - 
Russian Spy Anna Chapman Finds Celebrity at Home
Is Mexico at threat from a drugs insurgency?
Thailand - Three unexploded bombs found in Bangkok
Higher education and wages - Plenty of university graduates are working in low-skilled jobs 
According to the Economist Intelligence Unit, Brazil is close to electing its first woman president, Dilma Rousseff, of the Workers Party
Fidel Castro: Cuban economics doesnt work
Women targeted in latest Juarez killings - El Paso Times
Britains Afghan envoy resigns amid clash with NATO and US officials - convinced the military focused counter insurgency effort was headed for failure
Weary of drug war, Mexico debates legalization - 
A debate about legalizing marijuana and possibly other drugs  once a taboo suggestion  is percolating in Mexico, a nation exhausted by runaway violence and a deadly drug war.
Beyond Hiroshima: The non-reporting of Fallujas cancer catastrophe
Quran burning: Nato troops shoot at Afghan protesters
Arab regimes autocratic nature masks their vulnerability - Arab regimes have an almost insatiable urge to control, but arent very good at it. They work against society, not with it. Violence, autocracy, should be seen as symptoms of weakness 
Three-hour wave of Juarez slayings may be tied to abduction of child - 24 people were reported slain in a wave of multiple killings that shook Jurez over a three-hour period Thursday night,
Economists views on Muslims spark controversy in Germany
Scandal knocks at No. 10 Downing Street: A prime ministers aide is intimately linked to the furor over high-profile phone tappings
Ahmadinejad: Koran burning will bring about Israels annihilation - Iran president calls U.S. pastors plan to burn copies of Koran on Sept. 11 anniversary a violation of the teachings of all religions.
Iraqi prank TV show :  Planting fake IEDs in celebrity cars. 
Koran-burning protests sweep Afghanistan - BBC News
Ramadan 2010 through the eyes of the Boston.com readers
Narcotics war reaps nothing but killing fields - Two human heads left in a cooler box on the plaza? A mystery. The 18 houses burned in a single night? An enigma. The doctor and his family who disappeared? A rumour. 
The incredible shrinking prsident - When Sarkozy first burst into the French political consciousness he was unlike any other recent leader the country had known. He dared to tell the French what they did not care to hear. What a shrunken version of that politician now occupies the presidency.
The organizers of Oktoberfest have banned smoking this year from the worlds biggest beer tents. Now they have to find a way to mask the lurking smells the cigarette smoke once hid.
Truck full of pig manure explodes in Germany - The manure had become too warm, creating too much pressure in the tank and eventually bursting a glass panel, local fire officials said. The manure was sprayed over a large area.
Good news and bad news on the Castro front
Israeli Air Force strikes Gaza Strip targets - 
Hamas Gaza headquarters reportedly bombed; Strike response to rocket fire
Philippines: Police torture five men inside their headquarters
Top ranking Chinese official to the UN gets drunk and says I really dont like him: hes an American and I really dont like Americans
Denmark best country in the world to do business in.
Struggle in Poland over Jewish war diaries
Suspected bomber
apprehended in 
copenhagen [ongoing] 
Iranian secret nuclear site disclosed Is this real or a phony excuse for war like Iraq WMD?
Why Do Terrorists Blow Themselves Up? - The genesis of suicide bombings is rooted in intractable asymmetrical conflicts pitching the state against non-state actors over political entitlements, territorial occupation and dispossession.
Sarrazins Truths: Political Correctness Is Silencing an Important Debate. It is clear that intimidation from the politically correct thought police of the media ... no longer work.
Should the Pope face charges?
A renowned lawyer makes the case that the Pope should have his day in court for harbouring pedophiles
British soldiers are smuggling heroin out of Afghanistan ... MoD launches probe
Mandela breathed fire over Iraqi war - Nelson Mandela was so upset over Britain invading Iraq in 2003 that he called a government minister and virtually breathed fire about why it was a mistake, reveals the ex-minister.
There are 4 million kg of whale meat stockpiled in Japan
Pakistans enemy is not America or India or any other external power. It is Pakistans own culture of hypocrisy.
The Web Braces for Biggest Wikileaks Dump to Date
Remember 9/11? Remember the Saudi Arabia link? Barack Obama to authorise record $60bn Saudi arms sale
UK: History is disappearing from state schools as growing numbers of head teachers view it as a worthless subject
Mexican marines have captured Sergio Villarreal Barragan, a presumed leader of the embattled Beltran Leyva cartel
Thousands tortured, held without trial in Iraq
Cuba to cut 500,000 govt workers; reform salaries - Cuba announced Monday it will cast off at least half a million state employees by mid-2011 and reduce restrictions on private enterprise to help them find new jobs.
In the largest US arms deal ever, Obama plans to offer advanced aircraft to Saudi Arabia worth up to $60 billion, as part of policy aimed at shoring up Arab allies against Iran
Woerthgate affair: Main French newspaper files complaint against counter-intelligence agency which, under presidential orders, tried to illegally shut a newspaper source on the multiple corruption affairs of the Employment minister, Eric Woerth
Animal massacre to kick off Euro 2012: Call for boycott over plan to kill stray animals.
Cuba to lay off 500,000 in 6 months, allow private jobs
Asylum for gay Saudi diplomat? 
Chinese submarine plants flag two-miles deep at the bottom of the South China Sea
Local Sweden Democrat: ban practicing Muslims
Kosovo Winemakers Face Bitter Harvest - Growers have accumulated the equivalent of 16 million unsold bottles, owing to the Serbian blockade on Kosovo products and the overall economic crisis.
Plane crashes in eastern Venezuela with 47 people on board.
Putin Stunts Hint At Another Presidency Bid
Canadas military wont probe heroin allegations - 
The military was reacting to reports in the Sunday Times and the BBC that Canadian and British troops have been sending large quantities of heroin out of Afghanistan on military aircraft taking troops back to Britain.
Youths run riot in anti-Asian protest
By Papua New Guinea correspondent Liam Fox
Amnesty: Iraq holds up to 30,000 detainees without trial
Chinese Remake the Made in Italy Fashion Label 
Joint letter opposing Pope UK state visit signed by Dawkins, Fry, Pratchett, many others
France bans the burqa
French Senate Passes Ban of Full Muslim Veils
French people back the burqa ban by a margin of more than four to one...Clear majorities also backed burqa bans in Germany, Britain and Spain, while two out of three Americans opposed it, the survey found.
Would the Grand Ayatollah of Iran get a taxpayer funded state visit to your country? No? Then why does the Pope, who is not even the supreme leader of a country, get one to mine?
Hamas shoots Phosphorus shells at Israeli civilians
I know the national debt is bad, but why is the U.S. selling Saudi Arabia $60 Billion in arms? Thats a MONSTROUS deal!
Power Struggle in Egypt - For years, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak has used manipulated elections to remain in power. 
Three hurricanes, Karl, Igor and Julia, are heading to Mexico, US, and Caribbean
Russia and Norway sign maritime border agreement, ending 40 year dispute over fishing and oil rights in the Barents Sea
Irans economy slide to the bottom -  there has
  
been insignificant growth in real per capita incomes over the past 30 years since the Revolution. 
Payback: Iran reportedly donates $25 million to Turkish PM Erdogans party
The Bordello State 
Popes tour attacked in open letter
Flat-Nose, Stocky and Beautugly
FP Explainer: Could Britain Arrest the Pope? 
Murdochs Watergate
Privacy Tool for Iranian Activists Disabled After Security Holes Exposed
Spanish ex-premier calls for legalising drugs worldwide  
Cuba announces firing of half a million state workers. With its announcement that over 500,000 state workers will be fired over the next six months, the Castro regime is carrying out its most sweeping attack on Cuban workers since it came to power more than half a century ago.
Chapo Guzman, Sinaloa cartel taking over cocaine trade in Australia - El Paso Times
BP chief Tony Hayward to face MPs on Gulf oil spill
Popes aide compares Britain to third world 
Russian official sacked for making boys kiss his feet
Drone Strikes Peak; Can They Help End the Af-Pak War? 
Israeli media sources have confirmed that an Israeli soldier shot and killed a handcuffed Palestinian youth on Tuesday morning in Tel Aviv. Soldier says that he was shot accidentally from his weapon. The 18 yr old Palestinian was killed instantly as a result of the shot in the back.
Giant Cave Explored in Borneo - PICTURES!!!
Iraq approves $400 million settlement for Americans victimized by Saddams regime
Eikaiwa Underworld - English teacher in Japan gets Tony-Soprano-like mobster as client, hears string of storiesretold hereabout running nightclubs in Tokyo, gambling in Las Vegas, dealing with Mafia 
Canada and Russia are locked in a decades-old dispute over which country owns vast stretches of the Arctic. The UN is set to decide the border dispute, and both the governments appear convinced that their claim is the strongest.
Cartoonist who inspired Draw Mohammed Day is in hiding
Germany is once again dreaming of a permanent presence on the UN Security Council and is hoping to secure a non-permanent seat in a vote next month. But hopes of reform seem slim, given that the current permanent members are reluctant to give up any of their influence.
BBC News - Rare antelope-like mammal caught in Asia
A ruthless sister risks becoming North Koreas next ruler
Court: Top Khmer Rouge cadre charged with war crimes. Four of the top former surviving Khmer Rouge cadre were charged with war crimes in Cambodia by a U.N.-backed war crimes tribunal for their role in the late 1970s genocide that left nearly one-quarter of the countrys population dead.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy has described comments by an EU commissioner about Roma deportations from France as outrageous.
Nicolas Sarkozy tells Luxembourg to take in Roma:
French president angered by EU justice commissioners attack as party defends expulsion policy as applying EU regulations
Israeli Army to open probe into shooting deaths of two Palestinian farmers - State tells court family petition to investigate incident unnecessary, as probe into whether shooting was justified already scheduled to begin next month.
South African Unions Want To Force Private School Kids Into Govt Schools - The union...says that there is an urgent need to eliminate the three-tiered education system...and to redistribute resources toward ordinary public schools in working-class and poor communities.
Japan falls in global university rankings, overtaken by China for first time
A Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan:  Missile Strikes Incredible and Accurate 
Missing journalist stokes fears of Soviet-era media crackdown in Ukraine
Life After Guantanamo: Two Former Inmates Arrive in Germany
Printers in this city near the Afghan border say they have produced thousands of fake voter registration cards at the request of Afghan politicians for use in that countrys parliamentary elections on Saturday.
Tea Parties of the World 
Cambodian garment workers call off strike
Cuba may link up to Glonass system, Russias satellite navigation system
Scandals cloud Popes UK visit.  On the eve of Pope Benedicts visit to Britain, victims of child abuse at the hands of Catholic priests have demanded that the pontiff hand over all information on paedophile clergy to authorities.
Driving out the Unwanted - Sarkozys War Against the Roma
Egyptian paper doctors peace talks photo in favor of Mubarak
Egyptian newspaper manipulate picture with Obama and other world leaders in an attempt to make their president Mubarak look like the top dog
Spoiler: This look shopped...
Murdochs Watergate. The U.K. phone-hacking scandal will undo the media mogul.
Remember the story about the Arab man who was arrested for rape after he falsely told an Israeli woman that his name was David? Well, it turns out that the case against him is built on much more than just a name. 
Six London street cleaners arrested, searched, homes raided and possessions seized as evidence - based on an overheard conversation about the Pope. So far, no evidence found against them.
Zimbabwes jailing of doctors is an outrage: Charges against American medics highlight the Mugabe regimes repression
EU forced to apologise as Sarkozy goes on the attack over Nazi insult: the French president demanded, and received, an apology from the European justice commissioner, Viviane Reding, who earlier this week had compared Frances anti-Roma campaign to Nazi persecutions during the Second World War
Guerrilla of Arabia: How one of Britains most brilliant military tacticians created the Talibans battle strategy - Asia - Independent.co.uk
Maos great leap forward: parents were forced to bury their children alive...80 per cent of all the villagers in one region of a quarter of a million Chinese were banned from the official canteen because they were too old or ill to be effective workers, so were deliberately starved to death... 
Way to take another thing from us, guys. Best country for entrepreneurs? Hint: Its no longer the US.
Darfuri men were shot dead at point blank range during a surprise Arab militia raid on a busy market this month in which at least 39 people were killed and almost 50 injured, eyewitnesses said on Friday
A significant point in history happened at about 1.30pm this afternoon (Sept 15). Douglas Carswell MP announced a bill that would end fractional reserve banking.
Prominent Pakistani politician murdered outside his London home
14 South African peacekeepers were dumped in the middle of rebel-held territory in Congo by Russian helicopter crews
According to a witness, Israel soldiers burst into a house in the West Bank last night and shot a Palestinian associated with Hamas three time in the neck and head while he was still in bed.  According to the IDF, the Palestinian was running towards IDF soldiers refusing to stop.
Oktoberfest has officially begun!
Watch: As Israel Slides Toward Fascism, Citizens and Supporters Swear Their Loyalty. Swearing a loyalty oath to Israel as an ethnic state is gaining legitimacy; a video produced by the authors shows the willingness of Israeli residents to pledge allegiance.
10 statistics that show Turkey drifting away from the West
Danger, danger: The Pope is leading an assembly of children in west London
The Velvet Surrender - 
Russia reconquers the Czechs.
6.3. quake hits northeast Afghanistan
Imran Farooq, murdered Pakistani politician, thought he would be safe in London  - Telegraph
Chechen separatist leader Akhmed Zakayev arrested in Poland
Mexicos drugs war: in the city of death
BBC News - Urgent call on EU to stop billion-euro alien invasion
Rescuers working to release 33 trapped Chilean miners have achieved a pivotal breakthrough by drilling an escape shaft through to the underground chamber occupied by the men.
Wounded in action: An infantry unit fights its way out of an ambush in Kunar Province, Afghanistan (Holy hell. One of the soldiers takes a bullet to the helmet, but survives--its all caught on camera.)
A former CNN Iraq correspondent suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder says his employers wouldnt run footage he filmed of what he describes as a war crime by US troops, an Australian news source reports.
The battle to save Russias Pavlovsk seed bank. Scientists and conservationists are waging an international campaign to save Russian botanist Nikolai Vavilovs Pavlovsk seed bank from being turned over to housing developers
Israeli FMs no loyalty, no citizenship campaign: Israeli-Arabs (1/5th of Israels population, not including Palestinians under occupation) who arent willing to swear allegiance to Israel as a uniquely Jewish state, could lose the citizenship.
Iraqs Bar Association to defend Iraqi soldier who killed US soldiers - The occupation imposed on Iraq has forced slavery on our people...Iraqis have been born free, refusing humiliation and slavery, so the sons of our people have risen to defend the land and...resist the occupation forces.
Mexico newspaper cuts drug war coverage after slaying, appeals to cartels: We ask you to explain what you want from us, what we should try to publish or not publish, so we know what to expect. 
Israeli Vows to Sell Arms to Russias Enemies: Move Aimed at Punishing Russia for Selling P-800s to Syria
David Cameron insists The UK is a country of faith
Mexican paper asks drug cartels to guide its news coverage.  Biggest newspaper in Ciudad Jurez decides to restrict its drug war coverage after killing of second employee in two years
Asian unicorn spotted for first time in a decade
A Canadians Response: ... someone with the handle of canuckcutie wrote a stinging and thoughtful response objecting to my criticism of Canada. I thought it was worth reprinting here ...  Michael Moore
I think, therefore Im guilty - the intellectual trend in Britain is a remorseless slide towards a dark age of intolerance, reverting to a reason-suppressing, heresy-hunting culture in which certain opinions are being turned into thought crimes.
Missing Iraqi artifacts found in premiers storage.
France on full alert for suicide bomb threat on Paris transport
Colombia thanks Ecuador for military assistance, Ecuador denies help
Swedish Pirate Party Runs Aground in Election  
Netherlands cancels tour by Israeli mayors because participant list includes settlement representatives.
Popes visit: Blimey. What to say to the Pope?  - Mayor of London wonders how best to welcome Pope Benedict: Long time no See ... I felt like a woad-painted savage called upon to explain the religious back-sliding of the tribe 
Mexican newspaper to cartels: We ask you to explain what you want from us, what you want us to publish or stop publishing... you are the de facto authority in the city now
In an effort to approve energy efficiency, Chinese county of Anping is instituting 22 hour blackouts in homes, factories and public buildings every 3 days
Pakistan still needs your help.
Thailand: `The Red Shirts will fight on! -- Eyewitness account of the September 19 Red Shirt protest
Teetering on the apocalypse 
China media warn Japan over escalating sea row
UK Proposes All Paychecks Go to the State First - Everybody should just work at their job and the government should just give everyone what allowance they feel they deserve to get.
Germany is planning a direct rail link between Frankfurt and London: Journey time under 4 hours.
Oktoberfest 2010 - The Big Picture [pics]
Vatican Bank investigated over money-laundering
Kim Jong-il dictatorship could end within days
In Sicily, Defying the Mafia - Organised public resistance to Sicilys Cosa Nostra now possible, even successful. Confiscated Mafia assets used for social projects. 
In his recent autobiography, Tony Blair expresses regret at introducing a freedom of information regime, saying there is no description of stupidity, no matter how vivid, that is adequate. That should be enough to convince anybody that it was a good idea.
Why Its OK To Negotiate With the IRA but Not Hamas? 
Oil jackpot in Greenland. A sad day for sustainable energy and the environment in general, since this heralds a golden age for Arctic offshore drilling.
Delhi Commonwealth Games Village Leaves Competitors `Shocked - Bloomberg
Persecuted journalists in Mexico vow to continue covering the drug violence
India: Commonwealth Games bridge collapses
Vatican Bank Tied to Money Laundering Scandal
Reform On The Range: Cubans Heed The Call To Farm - Having this land, you realize how productive it can be, Pena says. When youre growing your own food, you have independence, and that gives you a sense of security.
Vatican perplexed by money laundering probe
The Seven-Headed President: 
Switzerland Celebrates Europes Strangest System of Government
South Korea Considering Underwater High-Speed Rail Tunnels to China and Japan 
High speed rail network extends into central China
Nine Nato troops killed in helicopter crash. Nine Nato troops have died in a helicopter crash, making 2010 the deadliest year yet for coalition troops in Afghanistan. 
Indias Unfolding Intifada in Kashmir
North Korea to Hold Party Congress to Choose Leaders Next Week
Cliches of the Century: 
Ten easy ways to illustrate China vs. India -- and miss the point entirely
Afghan families have many reasons for pretending their girls are boys, including economic need, social pressure to have sons, and in some cases, a superstition that doing so can lead to the birth of a real boy.
Nothing sexy about Amsterdams Red Light district 
Kremlin vs. Moscow Mayor - 
Dirty Power Struggle Could Backfire on Medvedev
280 crocodiles escape 
British Queen tried to use state poverty fund to heat Buckingham Palace
Ahmadinejad gives controversial UN speech, stating that some saw the 9/11 terrorist attacks as part of a US conspiracy to protect Israel. Result: US and other Western delegations walk out in protest.
Israeli navy kills Gaza fisherman: As the Palestinian fishermans boat approached the limits of waters where Israel permits Palestinian maritime traffic (as a result of Israels naval blockade of Gaza), an Israel military boat open fire on the small fishing vessel.
The US and other Western delegations at the UN General Assembly walk out in protest as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad questions the events of 9/11.
5 die in Mozambique drinking contest - The deaths occurred in the different stages of a competition to see who could finish off five bottles of brandy fastest, reported Noticias newspaper.
France Starts Reporting Millions of File-Sharers
Is Gideon Levy the most hated man in Israel or just the most heroic? - For three decades, the writer and journalist Gideon Levy has been a lone voice, telling his readers the truth about what goes on in the Occupied Territories.
Scenes from China - The Big Picture [pics]
U.K. mulls breaking up big banks. A government probe in Britain is looking at whether some of the countrys biggest banks should be broken up. London bureau chief Stephen Beard talks with Steve Chiotakis about whether this plan is really on the table and what other reforms may happen.
Half of Romanians Yearn for Communist Past - Forty-nine per cent said their life was better before December 1989, with a higher standard of living and job security being given as the main arguments, according to the poll.
Voters tried to use SQL-injection to sabotage Swedish election.
Handyman jailed for planting child pornography on his bosss computer in an attempt to get him fired and get a promotion
Iranian president: 9/11 was a U.S. conspiracy
While Nicaragua was on holiday, the Sandinista government of Daniel Ortega reprinted the Constitution. It now includes a law that was left dead 20 years ago.
DR Congo mass rape defies belief, says UN
Breaking News: Toddler killed by tear gas in East Jerusalem
Will the meeting in Rome result in action against food speculation?  The idea that speculating on food prices has become a way for western financial institutions to make money at the cost of lives is abhorrent
China denies ban on rare earth metals to Japan.
Mexican Journalists Flee Drug War, Seek Asylum - The war has claimed more than 28,000 lives and has become one of the most dangerous stories in the world. Some journalists have taken the ultimate step: fleeing to the US to seek political asylum.
Playing Beethoven in Kinshasa - In the Congolese capital Kinshasa, just surviving is hard enough. But one group of people spends hours traveling across town to sit in a sweltering compound and practice Handel.
Thursday  September 23, 2010s editition of The Daily Show the had  King Abdullah II of Jordan
King Abdullah II of Jordan believes Iran has taken away the moderate voice by hijacking the Israeli-Palestinian issue. 
King Abdullah II of Jordan on TheDaily Show with Jon Stewart | If peace talks fail, expect war by the end of the year.
What could possibly go wrong?
Revealing Wilde letters sold for 30,000
The Pirates Are Winning! - Pirate economy so big, entrenched, popular, that it would have captured the state, if only there were a state in Somalia to be captured 
 by Jeffrey Gettleman | The New York Review of Books
Tapes describe U.S. servicemen killing civilians for sport
Since 2000, 7,454 people killed as a result of the Israel-palestine conflict: 6,371 Palestinians and 1,083 Israelis
Israeli court recognizes Jewish pre-1948 property deed in East Jerusalem, allowing for the legal eviction of dozens of Palestinian families who will be replaced by Jewish families.
Russia is exporting 60 tons of mammoth ivory to China per year, and scientists estimate there is plenty more where that came from. 
More Israelis have been killed in car accidents than in all of the countrys wars combined.  
Parents Of Soldier Say They Warned Army About Thrill Kill Sergeant - ABC News
Aid ship carrying eight Jewish activists from Europe, Israel, and the US was seized by Israeli navy off the coast of Gaza
Since 2006, over 28.000 people have died as the result of the drug war in Mexico
Settlement freeze? It was barely a slowdown
What took place in the past few months is, in the best case scenario, not more than a negligible decrease in the number of housing units that were built in settlements. By Dror Etkes 
Taser firm that supplies weapons to UK police forces had its licence revoked for supplying unauthorized weapons to cops in the stand-off with gunman Raoul Moat
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Tuesday abruptly sacked veteran Moscow mayor Yuri Luzhkov, a powerful political opponent who criticized the Kremlin and then defied pressure to resign
Continent of Fear: The Rise of Europes Right-Wing Populists
Tony Blair received early torture warning, court told
A Dutch woman guerilla chick is thought to have been killed in last Wednesdays Colombian army raid on a Farc camp.
Pakistan has lodged a protest with Nato after forces killed more than 30 insurgents in a rare, cross-border air raid. 
North Koreas Kim Jong-Il appoints son, Kim Jong Un, to a four-star genearl, fueling speculation hell lead next.
Mexico landslide buries hundreds of homes, 1,000 people feared dead or injured
ACS:Law could face 500,000 fine for porn list leak
Peoples Republic of China threatens Nobel Prize Committee
Canadian court overturns prostitution laws
The worst drought in the last 30 years has ignited more than 47,000 fires in Bolivia over the last few months - 9.9 million acres burned so far
New Al Qaeda Number Three Killed Before his Seat Got Warm
Medvedev fires Moscows mayor: Is this a turning point in his presidency?
Luzhkov dethroned by Medvedev!
Insurance firms are establishing a private navy to take on Somali pirates
Canada just passed the Combating Terrorist Act which will allow terrorism suspects to be jailed without trial for up to 12 months. So far no mainsteam Canadian media has even reported it.
US infected Guatemalans with syphilis in 1940s - A college professor has discovered that the US govt in the 1940s infected Guatemalans with sexually transmitted diseases in an experiment conducted without the knowledge of the 1,500 men and women - some of them patients in a mental hospital.
US medical tests in Guatemala crime against humanity
Live video of the crazy ass shit thats going on in Quito right now - police and military are shooting at each other outside Correas hospital
Norway: Israeli subs banned from testing in our waters
Chile miners: An infographic showing what they get
This is what happens when you try to cut wages and raise the retirement age; Spaniards turn Russell Crow Gladiator on that ass in a heartbeat. (20 Photos)
Ancient giant penguin unearthed in Peru
Icelands politicians forced to flee from angry protesters. Thousands take to the streets of Reykjavik as anger erupts over the impact of the financial crisis
Germanys police used water cannons, batons and pepper spray against peaceful protesters including school children 
Computer experts discovered biblical reference embedded in the code of the Stuxnet worm that has pointed to Israel as the origin of the cyber attack
Body scanners used as porn by airport security, Nigeria
Good job Iraq!  You just broke the world record for the country that has gone the longest between holding parliamentary elections and forming a government. 
Angry Police Teargas Ecuadorian President - State of Emergency Declared.
You Dont Bring a Praseodymium Knife to a Gunfight 
On October 1, 1965, the CIA overthrew Indonesias President Sukarno. But there is more to it than that. Its another story of 20th century mass murder; a major war crime by the U.S. government.
Spanish fathers entitled to breastfeeding leave - CNN.com
Fuck 3D I want Super Hi-Vision.
The three main UK parties are led by Oxbridge-educated white men in their 40s who are all former advisers. 
US sorry over deliberate sex infections in Guatemala
Chiles mines minister says an attempt to rescue 33 trapped miners will begin in the second half of October - earlier than previously predicted.
Australian soldiers charged with multiple child killings in Afghanistan - Three special forces commandos were charged this week by the Australian Director of Military Prosecutions over the killing of five Afghan children on February 12, 2009.
Ecuador army and police exchange fire at hospital 
UN report says DR Congo killings may be genocide
Government investigating herbal prozac - For hundreds of years, indigenous South Africans have chewed a plant which they say reduces stress, relieves hunger, sedates and elevates moods.
In Israel, a chief education official was fired after denying evolution and global warming.
An Israeli military court on Sunday convicted two soldiers of using a Palestinian child as a human shield by forcing him to check for booby traps during the 2008-2009 Gaza war.
The worst-ever chemical accident in Hungary: Its an ecological catastrophe
Bangladesh court rules against compelling women to wear burqa
Graphene yeilds a nobel prize in physics.
Former Societe Generale trader Jerome Kerviel was found guilty of breach of trust by a Paris court on Tuesday for his role in a trading scandal that cost the bank close to 5 billion euros ($7 billion).
A new, more draconian tax on bonuses should be 
slapped on banks, a leading Liberal Democrat said 
tonight after the Royal Bank of Scotland chairman 
admitted that regulation was the only way to 
restrain the annual bonanza for bankers.
An Israeli military court convicted two soldiers on Sunday of using a 9-year-old Palestinian boy as a human shield by forcing him to check bags for explosives...
Video showing an Israeli soldier belly-dancing next to a woman who is a blindfolded and handcuffed
Well, thank god for the European Parliament
Lost Language Found In Use in India
U.S. drones kill German citizens: 
Militants in Pakistan allegedly training for Mumbai-style attacks.
In the aftermath of the flotilla incident, Turkeys trade relations with Israel grew by over 40% - wait what?
Stay classy, IDF
A rogue trader must pay back 4.9 billion euros in damage for illicit trading to his former employer, the French bank Socit Gnrale... A perfect scapegoat was found, I guess we can all go grab our sticks and pitchfork and start blaming traders again...
Parisian flat containing 2.1 million painting lay untouched for 70 years
Nobel prize for Physics goes to team from University of Manchester for work on graphene
Money Is Power - A Inside View of the IMFs Massive Global Influence - Extensive Article on the Growing Influence of the International Monetary Fund
The Philippine House of Representatives has approved a bill criminalising the improper singing of the countrys national anthem.
Car bomb explodes near Londonderry shopping centre, Northern Ireland
The slow scamper of the black squirrel
European soldiers are training 2,000 Somalis to 
help build a national army to defend a weak, 
Western-backed government in Mogadishu, Somalia
Australia police say 13 Taser shocks were too much - Police say a graphic video of an unarmed man Tasered 13 times shows an unacceptable misuse of stun guns, as questions are raised about how much the devices are used in Australia.
BBC News - Deadly sludge escape kills three in western Hungary
Indonesias president has cancelled a trip to the Netherlands citing a court case launched by Malukan separatists who want him arrested over human rights abuses.
Australian study: the only effect of legalizing prostitution is an improvement in the health of sex workers
BREAKING - FBI Arrests 133 In Puerto Rico Corruption Case. Many Are Police Officers (6 Oct, 1255)
The French capital is notorious for its traffic jams. Now the mayor of Paris has come up with a bold new plan to rid his city of tens of thousands of cars. If he pulls it off, the e-car sharing scheme may become a trailblazer for other congested cities around the world. 
In the last 10 days, Israeli settlers have launched a massive building campaign in the occupied Palestinian territories.  Construction has begun for over 350 brand new buildings exclusively for Jewish settlers.
Vote Cameron, Get Murdoch. Channel 4 Dispatches investigates the staggering intimidation News International holds over the police, politicians and rival media outlets and how David Camerons press officer knew of illegal phone hacking when he was the editor of the News of the World.
Tax minimum wage workers - Minimum wage workers should be taxed to help boost the public finances, business leaders claimed today.
The Death of Egypts Free Press: In the run-up to Novembers parliamentary elections, President Hosni Mubaraks allies are silencing what remains of the independent media.
For the first time since its founding three decades ago, a poll suggests the German Green party has overtaken the Social Democrats in popularity, bolstering the Greens claim that they are the main opposition party.
Germany has moved a step closer to ridding its soil of atomic weapons, bowing out of the nuclear sharing agreement under which its fighter jets can be used to drop US bombs, media reported on Wednesday.
Hungary remains in a state of emergency in the wake of a toxic sludge spill that has left seven villages swamped. Fears have been raised that the sludge could pollute the nearby Danube, Europes second longest river.
More bodies (and other strange sights) on Brazils Street View. A Tumblr feed called Street Viu was set up so Brazilians could offer their most interesting images from the new service. In just a few days this feed has offered quite a fascinating look at what the Google cameras captured.
After an earthquake in Christchurch New Zeland Red Cross cant give aid money away as people generally dont need it, so tell people to use it to by flat screen TVs and go on holiday. Meanwhile in the rest of the world people in real need go without. 
Oktoberfest Revellers Drank Record 7 Million Liters of Beer
Man caught with uranium in Purulia 
Owners of the Boston Red Sox buying Liverpool FC for about 300 million
The Specter of Protectionism - World Faces New Wave of Currency Wars - An American bill imposing punitive tarifs on countries that undervalue their currencies is set to unleash a new trade war between the US and China. But in fact the whole global currency system is in a state of jeopardy.
Today AIPAC is working hard to prevent an extension of the Israeli settlement freeze in the occupied Palestinian territories, contravening the wishes of the President of the United States.
Maths prodigy is the youngest Cambridge fresher since 1773
In Israel, there is an unspoken ban on performing the works of anti-Semitic composer Richard Wagner. The announcement that an Israeli orchestra will perform at the Wagner Festival in Bayreuth has caused a stir at home. 
Blast near UK embassy in Yemen
Linguists uncover hidden language in north India
Together, mainland China and India currently contain nearly two out of every five people in the worldand are equal in size to the world population in 1950. See their demographics compared.
Report: Ethiopian Jews Allegedly Being Given Controversial Birth Control Drug. There is a raging controversy in Israel where feminists and doctors have accused health officials of using a controversial birth control drug Depo Provera on female Ethiopian immigrants.
Chilean miners could be out by the weekend
In an apparent concession to the increasingly outspoken opposition to Stuttgarts train station renovation plan, the state premier of Baden-Wuerttemberg has agreed to stop demolition related to the project.
The Nobel Peace Prize 2010 goes to Liu Xiaobo for his long and non-violent struggle for fundamental human rights in China.
Belgian police beat up protesters, tear the clothes off one protester when she refuses a strip search in front of men, and abduct another and threaten her with rape
China has angrily condemned the decision to award the Nobel Peace Prize to jailed Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo
Chinas best-known dissident, who is serving 11 years in prison, is probably unaware he has won the Nobel Peace Prize.
You will all die: Crazed mans vow to terrified passengers as he tries to open exit door mid-air after praying in Hebrew
No right to a lawyer during interrogation, Supreme Court rules (Canada) 
WTF woman warned over child grooming for giving a child a cookie at school where she works . . .
Late soldiers letters tell of rapes at camp: Capt. Nichola Goddard, who in 2006 became the first female Canadian combat death, wrote to her husband that women working at bases in Afghanistan were often victims of sexual harassment or assault [...]
Britain is so broke, that they are considering to have France service their nuclear warheads
Israels new loyalty oath will require non-Jewish citizens (and only non-Jewish citizens) to swear allegiance to the Jewish and democratic state of Israel. Jews will not be required to take the oath because many ultra-Orthodox Jews are known to be disloyal to the Israeli state. 
Whale Wars: Sinking claim exposes Sea Shepherd feud - apparently they sunk their own ship
Immigrants should pay 5,000 pounds to use public services: UK MP
Three major Asian space powers - China, India, Japan - suffered satellite failures during the second half of 2010 
Chilean miners braced for release as drill breakthrough due in hours
2 more bodies found in Hungarys red sludge 
Jewish Settler leader runs over rock throwing youths in Silwan 
Trapped Chilean miners show hidden depths after two months underground 
Interpol seeks arrest of serving Pakistani army officers over Mumbai attacks
57 NATO tankers set ablaze in fresh assaults
Arsenic and mercury in Hungary spill 
Why The Natives Revolted - The [Tony] Blair mindset seems to say that Americans, Israelis, and British...can react forcefully with war and sanctions to the policies that anger or hurt them, while Arabs and Asians...are not allowed to activate a similar human condition and reaction.
In defence of South African academics successful call for a boycott of Israel
The recent statement by German President Christian Wulff that Islam belongs in Germany has provoked something of a conservative backlash. The German press is divided on whether the presence of Muslims in Germany is self-evident or cause for concern.
New Delhis sewage system is choked by thousands of condoms which have been flushed down the toilets in the athletes village. 
In Hunt for Dubai Hit Men, Tantalizing Trail Goes Cold 
The 33 trapped Chilean miners have moved to stop any individual from profiting at the expense of the group, drawing up a legal contract to share the proceeds from the story of their ordeal.
Pentecostal churches in Uganda pressuring HIV-positive youths to stop taking their ARVs
Mr Lius wife has apparently been placed under house arrest after he dedicated the award to the martyrs of Tiananmen Square in 1989.
French Constitutional Court Decision Upholds Ban on Wearing Veils in Public Places because it puts women in a condition of exclusion and inferiority manifestly incompatible with the constitutional principles of liberty and equality. 
Norway says China has canceled a ministerial meeting apparently in response to the award of the Nobel peace prize to Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo
Far right rioters attack Serbian gay pride march
Afghan tribal leaders tried to negotiate for the British aid workers release.  Coalition bombings turned away their mission.  They implored that only negotiation would secure her freedom.  They were ignored.  A military rescue operation was chosen instead.  The hostage is now dead.
PA adopts textbook, banned in Israel, offering both sides narratives - Palestinian Education Ministrys adoption of book marks first time Israeli position is presented to West Bank schoolchildren - still banned from use by the Israeli Education Ministry
German minister warns of reverse discrimination - In the countrys ongoing integration debate, Germanys federal Minister for Family Affairs, Kristina Schroeder, has now warned that many Germans have been subjected to growing reverse discrimination by immigrants.
Iranian separatist group claims kidnapping of nuclear scientist, threatens release of state secrets
Outrage over Swedish arms sales to Saudis - Were talking about one of the worlds worst dictatorships. We cant send weapons to dictatorships that should be buying food instead, Green Party defence policy spokesperson Peter Rdberg said.
Americans Peter Diamond and Dale Mortensen and Christopher Pissarides, a British and Cypriot citizen, won the 2010 Nobel economics prize Monday for developing theories that help explain how economic policies can affect unemployment.
Israel Declares for Ethnic Nationalism Oath: Persons applying for Israeli citizenship to affirm the Jewish and democratic character of Israel
Greek policeman gets life in prison for murder that sparked riots 
African leaders in human albino trade - A lobby group says politicians are involved in the trade of human albino body parts in Africa and use them as charms to bring them good fortune.
Young woman British aid worker who was alleged to have been killed by her Taliban captors may have accidentally died in a grenade attack by U.S. forces during a botched rescue operation
A kidnapped British aid worker may have been killed by her American rescuers, rather than her Taliban captors, officials said Monday.
Hungarian police arrested the managing director of the company at the center of a toxic sludge disaster, as the body of the last missing person was recovered, bringing the death toll to eight
Death by stoning case: Iran arrests son, lawyer, and journalists 
India to get UN Security Council seat as a non permanent member
The Miners are finally going to get out tomorrow night.
Israels economy is widely seen as a high-tech success story. Yet to many Israelis the real players in their economy are not programmers or venture capitalists. Rather, they are the 20 or so Israeli families who control banks, supermarkets, telecoms, real estate, gas stations, and utilities . . .
European populism focuses on Islam and immigration, but it may be mobilising a wider rage against elites expressed by people who feel unrepresented, or fear being left behind economically. They share a feeling of losing their sense of national, social, or religious belonging. 
Fearing civil war, Lebanese citizens arm themselves
Officer guilty of boys murder that sparked Greek riots
Could this be the worst piece of business in the history of the world? Last Thursday, Dublin Finance Minister Brian Lenihan handed Allied Irish Bank $4.2 billion of taxpayers money to save it from going under. He could have bought the entire bank that morning for $832 million.
In Queensland, where abortion is still a crime, a woman is on trial for medically terminating her eight-week pregnancy, and faces a jail term of up to 7 years
The Metro Police have a couple of problems: abuse of powers, and racial discrimination within the force. However, the Commissioner has hit upon a solution, which he is lobbying the Government to adopt: make it harder to bring suits against the police.
Sex Crimes and the Vatican - a BBC documentary. *Warning, this might make you rage*
Australian cop bashes victims while in custody, sentenced to 27 months jail and loses job. Video of assault within article.
Think Again: Global Aging - A gray tsunami is sweeping the planet -- and not just in the places you expect. How did the world get so old, so fast?
North Korea leaders eldest son opposes dynasty
Breaking the Silence nominated for EU peace prize -
documents testimony of soldiers who served in the West Bank and Gaza; right-wing group calls on parliament members not to let it win award. -- Haaretz
Netherlands Antilles ceased to be a country yesterday
Kazakhstan Prisoners Disemboweling Themselves To Protest Prison Conditions - UN Gets Involved
Why the CBC banned Creative Commons music from its shows
Fishermen at the Japanese town made famous by the controversial Oscar-winning documentary The Cove shrugged off protests by animal rights activists on Tuesday to carry out their grisly annual dolphin hunt.
France hit by third national strike in a month
Israeli troops accused of shooting children in Gaza -At least 10 Palestinian children have been shot and wounded by Israeli troops in the past three months while collecting rubble in or near the buffer zone created by Israel along the Gaza border. 
BREAKING: Chiles trapped miners finally set to escape (12 Oct, 0935)
Chilean miners soon to be rescued 
After the January assassination of a top Palestinian official in Dubai, Police had lots of surveillance footage of the perps. Yet they havent found any of the 30 suspects identified. It seems ubiquitous electronic surveillance is no match for a sufficiently advanced adversary.
Thailand military: the lovely conscripts - Thailands military struggles with a flood of transgender draftees.
India Adds Economic Power to Security Council Bloc With Brazil
Somali Pirates Hijack Japanese Breakbulk Ship
BREAKING: Law passed to strip foreign-born criminals of French nationality in France (12 Oct, 1420)
Tanker and container ship collide off Dutch coast
Two German Journalists Arrested in Iran - Two German reporters have been arrested in Iran after trying to interview the lawyer of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, who has been condemned to death by stoning. The case is likely to cause diplomatic tension between Germany and Iran.
Australian police Tasers used on mentally ill
Pakistans Rulers Have Sold Countrys Sovereignty To US: Imran - Imran Khan said blind allegiance of the rulers to the US had emboldened the Nato forces to such an extent that they now even started killing the Pakistani forces after violating the countrys geographical boundaries. 
First Miner hoisted to freedom in Chile
A Mexican police commander investigating the reported shooting of an American tourist on a border lake was decapitated and his head was found in a suitcase outside a Mexican Army base
Chinese communist elders issue free speech appeal
Four teenagers charged on hate crime against beating a Muslim kid who they called a terrorist.
Goodbye Great Recession. Hello bedlam: As 2010 ends, global security is nosediving
Mass protests shake French government. Over three million workers marched against unpopular pension cuts Tuesday, as the political establishment fears a radicalization of workers struggles that could escape the control of the trade unions.
Former KGB officer says Britain should stop trying to extradite him for Alexander Litvinenkos poisoning
38 tigers and 134 leopards have been killed this year in India by poachers
Iraq vet who rescued the wounded children after the Wikileaks Collateral Murder incident was denied mental counselling by commanding officers. 
Right-Wing Attitudes On the Rise in Germany
A Mexican police commander investigating the disappearance of an American tourist on a border lake plagued by pirates was killed, U.S. and Mexican officials said Tuesday. The San Antonio Express-News is reporting that Rolando Flores head was delivered to the Mexican military in a suitcase.
Chinese Scientists behaving badly | Recent events show China needs to clean up its scientific act
The rescued miners may stand to make a tidy sum from book and newspaper deals, but no-one has profited more from their ordeal than Chiles president, Sebastian Pinera. 
Italy to combat prostitution by cutting trees.
India to help Vietnam enhance, upgrade its armed forces
43 die after bus ignores warning, collides with train in Ukraine
Suspected US missiles strikes kill 11 in Pakistan
Chinas Wind Power To Grow Five-Fold In Next Decade
Three-year-old Iraqi child saved in Israel: Following life-saving surgery for inborn heart defect, childs mother says: We love Israel, not afraid to return to Iraq
Nazi Re-enactor Just Tip of the Iceberg: The GOPs 
Long History with Nazi Allies
The bizarre trial of Dutch political leader Geert Wilders, for having allegedly insulted Islam and incited hatred against Muslims, may have major long term repercussions on Europe.  You may not agree with his politics, but his trial will be a watershed for European democracy.
Rescuer Descends Into Chile Mine Shaft - NYT
Dan Plesch of the Centre for International Studies U.K.s military spending on the chopping block. The cash-strapped United Kingdom has been cutting programs and services left and right, including military spending. 
Pushed to alleviate security concerns before the citys double-billing on the international stage, Rio officials have embarked on an ambitious plan to wrest control of the slums, such as City of God, from ruthless drug gangs who ruled for years with big guns and abject terror.
Pension Reform Protest - Third Wave of Strikes Shuts Down France
Leave it to a damn engineer.
Drug addicts across the UK are being offered money to be sterilised by an American charity
Wife-beating allowed under sharia law, UAE court rules
French gas stations run dry
Man marrying twice in one day. Both women agreed to live as sisters and as friends...
Iran loses most of its ballistic missile launchers in mysterious blasts at the secret Imam Ali Base - First the Stuxnet virus, now deep sabotage. Iran is taking a pounding.
China threatening to block the release of a UN report that details its sales of weapons to Darfur in violation of an arms embargo
The Worlds Jon Stewarts - The Daily Show star has it easy. A list of the worlds most influential political satirists shows that in dangerous places, telling jokes can be hazardous to your health.
Violent Anti-Japanese Protests Erupt in China
Cuban pilots flew 150,000 Jews from Arab states to Israel - In the first years of the state, Cuban planes and pilots brought nearly 150,000 Jews to Israel from Iraq, Iran, Yemen and India, the official Cuban newspaper Juventude Rebelde (Rebel Youth) reported on Saturday. 
Arab League urges world leaders to boycott OECD conference in Jerusalem: Call issued in light of continued Israeli settlement construction in the West Bank comes after Turkey, Britain and Spain said they would not attend.
Extensive research into the causes of suicide terrorism proves Islam isnt to blame -- the root of the problem is foreign military occupations.
Think slavery is a thing of the past? Think again -
	
		
			Home News, UK - The Independent
			In the next 40 years, an unprecedented number of women will be in positions of power, Muslim immigration to the West will rise, and office workers will be unchained from their cubicles, a report released last week says.
				Three peers to be suspended from Lords over expenses claims 
				U.S. says Chinese businesses and banks are bypassing U.N. sanctions against Iran
With Statehood, Palestinians Ready To End All Claims
French strikes hit airlines, trucking, gas pumps
Debasing a foundational idea -- Israels future depends on its ability to prevent and solve tensions between being Jewish and being democratic.
 WikiLeaks Didnt Blow U.S. Afghan Intel Sources
 Homosexual attacks rise a year after Ugandas anti gay bill - Today marks one year since the introduction of an Anti-Homosexuality Bill in Ugandas parliament that seeks to impose the death penalty on repeat offenders and HIV-positive gay men convicted of aggravated homosexuality.
House arrest for child run down by settler (in Israel)
French workers show how to fight austerity: strike wave has shut down thousands of gas stations; Charles De Gaulle airport may need to close tonight.
Blotting Out Sun May Soon Be Banned  Yes, really  A U.N. treaty
Scout in Mumbai attacks was DEA informant while in terror camp
Canadas Most Conservative City elects Muslim Mayor
Dead Sea Scrolls will be available online
The UK surveillance state marches on: Every email, phone call and website visit is to be recorded and stored after the Coalition Government revived controversial Big Brother snooping plans
A major Jewish religious figure in Israel has likened non-Jews to donkeys and beasts of burden, saying the main reason for their very existence is to serve Jews
Carter: Palestinians live in cage - Former US President Jimmy Carter said yesterday that Palestinians are living in a cage in Gaza and that the militant group Hamas must be included in all major efforts for peace.
Every email and website to be stored by UK government
Norwegians Find Perfectly Preserved Stone Age Site - A Norwegian camping ground is the site of what may become one of Europes most significant archeological discoveries. Archeologists have found an almost perfectly preserved Stone Age settlement...
China Said to Halt Some Mineral Shipments to U.S. and Europe as It Flexes Its New Economic Power
Bad parents should be sterilised - PARENTS with a history of child abuse should be forced to have sterilisations, a former Victorian ombudsman says. 
Uganda newspaper publishes gay list, calls for their 
hanging
Israeli soldier at the controls of a bulldozer that crushed to death 23-yr-old Rachel Corrie in Gaza in March 2003, is to testify anonymously. Family criticises decision to give evidence from behind screen
Britain plans to cut its armed forces by 8% by 2015
Palestinian school set on fire, vandalized with regards from the hills graffiti
Thousands of Tibetan students have staged protests in northwestern China, angry at being forced to study in the Chinese language
Chinese Rare Earth Embargo Spreads 
Carter in Syria: Israel must fully lift Gaza blockade | Former U.S. President meets with Syrian President Assad and Hamas politburo chief Meshal in Damascus.
Beyond the Churchs Reach - An increasing number of Polish women are travelling to Germany for abortions. Even as Poland has modernized and become more European, its laws have failed to keep pace.
Tibetan students in China protest over language policy
Afghanistan debate drives MP to tears - INDEPENDENT MP Andrew Wilkie has broken down in tears while calling for Australian troops to come home from Afghanistan within months. 
Ugandan paper outs 100 top gays in country - Rights activists say at least four homosexuals attacked after appearing in list published by Rolling Stone paper that included photos. 
Strikes in Europe: Governments, whether conservative or nominally left, are cutting jobs and wages and slashing social programs in complete disregard for the overwhelming opposition of the population.
Lebanon: the real story behind Mahmoud Ahmadinejads visit
Afghan officials cancel 1.3m votes  more than 20% of parliamentary elections ballots invalid after fraud investigation
Sarkozy Stands Firm on Pension Reform as Protests Cripple France
Devastating budget cuts to hit Britain U.K. Finance Chief George Osborne announced a program of devastating cuts to the countrys budget today, taking away hundreds of thousands of public sector jobs and billions of dollars from welfare. 
Front-page Uganda newspaper story featured a list of 100 homosexuals, with a bright yellow banner across it that read: Hang Them. Alongside their photos were the mens names and addresses
China fails to block UN report alleging it sold weapons to militias in Darfur in violation of an arms embargo
Berliners strip in protest at citys sky-high rents.The movement is sending shock waves through the normally orderly world of Berlin estate agents
Saudi prince jailed for life for murdering servant 
A new online game has taken the internet by storm in China about fighting Chinese enforcers who have become deeply unpopular with the public
Somali schoolboy tells of how Islamists cut off his leg and hand
 Elite Canadian Soldier pleads guilty to 88 charges ranging from stealing womens and girls lingerie  to sexual assault and murder
 How Speculators Are Crippling the Copper Industry
The results are stark, and prove decisively that not all terrorists are Muslims.  A whopping 99.6% of terrorist attacks in Europe were by non-Muslim groups; a good 84.8% of attacks were from separatist groups completely unrelated to Islam.
Driver of the bulldozer which killed Rachel Corrie testifies, contradicting his own affidavit.
One of the most overlooked and underreported humanitarian crises - More than 10,000 Sahrawis have organized a mass exodus from Western Sahara cities to protest the Moroccan occupation
French police open blockaded depots: President orders forced reopening of fuel depots closed by workers striking over planned pensions overhaul.
The Anti-Defamation League has listed Jewish Voice for Peace in the top 10 anti-Israel groups.
Nice Guy Nato Using Afghans As Human Shields - After being questioned and having biometric data taken, Dawood claimed he was taken home to fill sandbags as they turned his home into a firing point. They made us walk in front, he said, so if there was a mine wed hit it.
Settlers Race to Build Units in West Bank - NYTimes.com
Germans Unfazed by Google Street View
Putin aide Sobyanin confirmed as Moscow mayor
African Union calls for blockade of Somalia - The African Union sought U.N. approval Thursday for a naval and air blockade of Somalia, as well as more troops and aid to fend off piracy and terrorism in the struggling Horn of Africa nation.
Cuban dissident wins top EU rights prize
Assange slams Wired for misinformation re WikiLeaks
North Korea ready for third nuclear test, say reports | World news | guardian.co.uk
Viva Palestina activists deliver tons of aid to Gaza Strip - Most of the activists arrived at the Egyptian port El-Arish on flights from Syria, while just 30 activists made the journey with the aid supplies by ship. 
Coalition Routs Taliban in Southern Afghanistan
The Rise of the Green Party in Germany
Why France and Britain are looking for new ways of combining their shrinking armed forces
Afghanistans President Karzai admits that his office receives $2 million a year in cash from Iran, which he uses for presidential expenses.  Says that he expects it to continue.  He says that the US also provides him with bags of money.
Two-thirds of the West African nation of Benin - one of the poorest in the world - is under water!
WikiLeaks taunts Pentagon with server mirrors in USA  Hosting with Amazon AWS
IDF put a Palestinian peace activist behind bars for 9 months based on solely on the testimony of a mental disabled man (a man whom, using interrogation, contradicted himself multiple times and also confessed to crimes he obviously didnt commit.)  Once in court the charges where thrown out.
Torture, killing, children shot  and how the US tried to keep it all quiet
Apache attacks child victims speak out: Cockpit video of gunship attack that killed 19 and gravely injured two children
Afghan leader Hamid Karzai confirms report of cash payments from Iran
7.7-magnitude quake hits off Indonesias Sumatra island
The next emperor: China prepares for political succession; and why the west should be wary.
Sherpa Who Scaled Mt. Everest 19 Times Is Feared Dead After Hit by Avalanche
Cholera outbreak spreads to Haiti capital
Iraq protester throws shoes at Australia former prime minister John Howard, live on television (incl: video)
Nicolas Sarkozy most unpopular French president in more than 50 years
New Zealand protests to keep The Hobbit. Thousands of New Zealanders have taken to the streets to demand that two films in the Hobbit franchise continue filming in New Zealand.
Facts dont matter, just pander to yellow peril and scare the shit out of American workers.
First rule of Afghan War: Watch where you step
Iraq war logs: British blunder may have let al-Qaida kingpin Zarqawi go free 
Debt, the publics burden - Once deeply in debt, Hume said, governments almost always go deeper to escape the consequences of earlier excesses. 
Zambian miners shot by Chinese managers
Secret Anti-Piracy Negotiations, 3 Strikes, And a Taxpayer Funded Campaign  
Massive magnitude 7.5 quake in the Kepulanuan Mentawai region, Indonesia.
Atlantic Wire: Summary of the impact of the WikiLeaks War Logs
U.N. urged to freeze climate geo-engineering projects
Child cancer skyrocketing in Iraqi city. Leukemia (a type of blood cancer) among children under 15 has increased by about four times, said Dr. Janan Hasan of the hospital inaugurated on Thursday in the southern port city of Basra.
Works from Irans Underground Art Scene
Iceland turns from banks to freedom of speech. Iceland wants companies from around the world to set up their servers there and publish material online without the fear of ruinous lawsuits or censorship.
WikiLeaks Files Show Torture, Civilian Deaths and Contractor Abuses
[Commentary] Sarkozys Perfect Storm - The French are not just protesting to stop the retirement age from being raised. They are also fighting to save their country from government sleaze and the dismantling of democracy.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez ordered a 
government takeover of the local unit of U.S.- 
owned glass manufacturer Owens-Illinois Inc.
Tariq Aziz sentenced to death by hanging
The British military has been training interrogators in techniques that include threats, sensory deprivation and enforced nakedness in breach of the Geneva conventions
Iran loads fuel into its first nuclear reactor
Henry Morgentaler, a physician and Auschwitz survivor, ran a decades-long campaign to legalize abortion in Canada. After prison, persecution and death threats, he won.
Film Of What Is Reported To Be Settlers Setting Fire To Palestinian Vehicles In Qusra
Sherpa Who Scaled Mt. Everest 19 Times Is Feared Dead After Hit by Avalanche | Updates as of 10/26/2010
112 Dead, 500 Missing after 7.7 Earthquake Triggers Tsunami in Indonesia | Videos | Photos
Former British PM, Tony Blair, to be called back to Iraq war inquiry to answer questions about gaps in his evidence
Israel is relieved not to be the only war criminal - The voice of joy, the voice of rejoicing is heard in Israel: The Americans and British have also committed for war crimes, not only us.
Wikileaks Iraq War Logs: Obama Administration Handed Over Detainees Despite Reports of Torture
Syrian Prez: US creates chaos in every place it enters - Is Afghanistan stable? Is Somalia stable? Did they bring stability to Lebanon in 1983? Assad asked, referring to US intervention in Lebanons 15-year civil war that ended in 1990.
At least 103 people were killed and 150 others were missing after a 7.7-magnitude earthquake struck off Sumatra on Monday and triggered a tsunami
Report: War-torn states (Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia) are still the most corrupt in the world. Some countries have become more corrupt in the past year, particularly, Hungary, Italy and the US.
Scottish citizens finally have the right to legal counsel before being questioned by police. 
Powerful earthquake in Indonesia. Tsunami strikes village
Tariq Aziz, Saddam Husseins former deputy prime minister, has been sentenced to death for role in eliminating religious parties
Russias military could be drawn back into Afghanistan for the first time since the Red Army was forcibly expelled by US-backed mujahideen fighters in 1989
Students aim to bolster French protests
British Gov to relax immigration laws to attract top talent, will likely decimate the UK IT industry.
More than 9.8 million people are held in penal
institutions throughout the world. Almost half of these are in the US (2.29m), Russia (0.89m) or China (1.57m) [pdf]
Slovenia elects its first black mayor
Cambodians beaten, raped and killed at illegal detention camp funded by UN | World news | The Guardian
Germany moves to outlaw forced marriages 
A new trade agreement being negotiated behind closed doors by officials from the United States, European Union and other countries could drastically reduce internet freedom.
Brazil is the worlds biggest exporter of beef, poultry, orange juice and sugar cane. It also supplies a quarter of the worlds soybeans. A group of scientists is credited with turning Brazil into the agricultural superpower it is today.
When devastating floods hit Pakistan, the world rushed to help. But while the horror has slipped from our TV screens, millions remain stranded
Zimbabwe Activists Use $100 Trillion Dollar Notes To Make Flyers Protesting Against Mugabes Dictatorship [with pics]
Earth-sized worlds much more common than giant planets
Nasas plan to colonize galaxy. First prototype to take us between worlds to be done in the next few years.
Russias Shiveluch volcano erupts
Iraq war logs reveal 15,000 previously unlisted civilian deaths
French protesters call for bank run Dec. 7 2010
UN Committee votes overwhelmingly in favour of transparency in Depleted Uranium use
Armed men rumbled into a gritty neighborhood of the Mexican capital Thursday and gunned down six men hanging around a convenience store, fueling fears that one of the worlds largest cities is falling prey to the cartel-style violence that has long terrorized other parts of the country
Australias central bank chief highlights rise of China. The Reserve Bank governor pointedly referred to the loss of US global economic domination, the shift in the world economys centre of gravity towards Asia and the rise of China, which is now Australias top export destination.
Soaring above Indias poverty, a 27-storey home: There are nine elevators, a spa, a 50-seat theater and a grand ballroom. Hundreds of servants and staff are expected to work inside. And now...after several years of planning and construction, the residents are about to move in. All five of them.
Ugandan lawmaker: Death penalty for gays will be law soon
Time Will End in Five Billion Years, Physicists Predict
Iran likely to become a member of new UN Women agency board
Four Vietnamese girls whose lives are being changed by the chance to go to school
China claims supercomputer crown
London: Bomb found on Yemen to Chicago cargo flight
China says talks with Japan have been ruined
Former Aussie PM John Howard: It was neither unreasonable nor implausible of the Americans to believe that WMDs possessed by Iraq might, at some time in the future, be handed to a terrorist group for use against the US or others, with horrific consequences.
Hes not even making the troll face...
Wikileaks Iraq War Logs: Pentagon Response to Publication of Logs
Australian man saves woman from an attacking Great White by grabbing its tail. As the girl started to sink to the bottom, he grabbed her and brought her to the surface and on board the boat
The Danish Peoples Party is looking to ban al-Jazeera and al-Arabiya. Experts says other stations are worse.
Israels Labour party threatens to leave coalition - A senior Labour Cabinet minister has insisted that his party will leave Benjamin Netanyahus coalition government unless the Prime Minister takes the steps necessary to resume direct peace talks with the Palestinians. 
Surrey woman jailed for false rape claim
Study: Alcohol most harmful drug, followed by crack and heroin - CNN.com
The loneliest shop in the world - Mulka Store, in Australian outback. Only shop in 70,000 square miles. Run by ex-policeman turned anthropologist. Fine stock of medieval armour. Best selection of duelling pistols outside Europe
Internet users in China will soon be required to reveal their identities before they surf the web. 
Exterminate Iraqi Christians: 52 hostages and police were killed when security forces raided a Baghdad church to free more than 100 Iraqi Catholics held by al-Qaida
Baghdad Catholic Massacre: Death Toll Reaches 58 (Photos / Video)
2,000 rally in Moscow, demand freedom of assembly
UK Gov to force ISPs to police content
Israeli soldier jailed over Palestinian prisoner photo
Cluster bomb ban begins to work with stockpiles already being destroyed.
Just how bad is the Conservative government in Canada - A federal agency that oversees scientific research in polar areas, including work on climate change, has been left leaderless for more than two years by the Harper government.
Sex abuse victims march in Rome
Foreign-Funded U.S. Chamber Of Commerce 
Advocates For Weakening Law Against Bribing 
Foreign Governments
Jesus had HIV sermon sparks South African fury
How Californias Pot Proposition is Agitating Latin America - TIME
How digital technology gets the news out of North Korea
Canadas Omar Khadr has been sentenced to 40 years behind bars for his war crimes, but will be free in eight because of a plea deal.
Mujercito the Cat Leads Chilean Internet Revolution
Evacuees cringed and fled for cover Monday as an erupting volcano  one of 22 showing increased activity in Indonesia  let loose booming explosions of hot gas and debris in its most powerful blast in a deadly week
Intelligence that helped cracked the ink bomb plot may have come from a leading member of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsular who turned himself in.
HRW: The Kimberley Process should not allow the export of further shipments of diamonds from Marange until there is meaningful progress to end smuggling and abuses by the army. Without these kinds of reforms, international consumers risk purchasing blood diamonds.
Sacked UK drugs adviser David Nutt in new report: Alcohol more harmful than heroin or crack
Paris girl survives six-storey fall unharmed - bounces off cafe awning into arms of passing doctor.
Germany bans electronic voting machines. Germany has joined 11 U.S. states, the Netherlands, and other countries which have banned electronic voting of one form or another.CIA expert: Electronic voting not secure.
In Western Saraha, more than 20,000 Sahrawis have left the cities in a mass protest of Moroccan occupation. Moroccan forces have now blockaded the protest camps barring food, water, medicine and movement, effectively turning them into concentration camps.
Israels Deputy Prime Minister was forced to cancel a trip to London in order to avoid a lawsuit related to his role in the Israeli attack on the Gaza Aid Flotilla.
Italian Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi claims: Better to be passionate about girls than be gay
An Iranian woman whose sentence of execution by stoning for adultery provoked a worldwide outcry will instead be hanged for murder on Wednesday
Talk to Me Like Im Stupid: Sharia Law in the UK
What the French are protesting is Sarkozys corrupt, anti-labor, anti-democracy government
North Korea has offered to give samples from its torpedoes to refute claims made by the US and other countries that the rogue communist nation sank the USS Cheonan.
Britain and France sign historic 50-year defence 
agreement
The Justinian Plague, which killed between 40-50% of the population of Eastern Roman Empire, which in turn allowed for the Arab take over of the Byzantine provinces, has been found, by geneticists, to have originated in China.
Afghan Police Unit Defects to Taliban 
Malalai Joya, Afghan female member of parliament who had the courage to publicly denounce the presence of warlords in the Afghan government, now says that for Afghans, Obama is a second Bush.
Angela Merkel:  Germany Has a Duty to Reduce Massive Debt 
Kindle bypasses the Great Firewall - perfect for gaining access to blocked sites for Chinese buyers
Rape in Irans prisons: the cruellest torture - Telegraph
New easier to pronounce Icelandic volcano may be preparing to erupt. 
UK and France agree to joint development and testing of nuclear warheads
Virus breakthrough raises hope over ending common cold
Saudi journalist to be lashed in public - 
Reporter accused of instigating protests at government power company
In Indonesia a new law has been passed that
stipulates all babies should be exclusively
breastfed for the first six months of life. From
early next year, anyone who stands in the way
of this will be fined up to 100m rupiah (7,000;
$11,000) and sentenced to up to a year in prison.
La Violencia - more on Mexicos drug wars, this time a book extract, always enthralling. My sons had become part of it all, they were among people who would laugh while cutting someones fingers off
Japan recalls ambassador over Russia island row
Bradistan | British Pakistani writer remembers her childhood in Bradford, northern England. It was obvious that we were here to stay. But that didnt mean here to integrate. 
Germany: Envio workers contaminated with both PCB and dioxin. The Dortmund pollution scandal has intensified with new evidence of dioxin contamination, as well as the Envio firms business transactions with criminal elements in Kazakhstan.
Why is Shoppers Drug Mart pulling 3,500 copies of Adbusters, my magazine, off its shelves? A week ago, in the National Post, the Canadian Jewish Congress (CJC) accused Adbusters of anti-Semitism for publishing side-by-side photographs of the Gaza and Warsaw ghettos...
A Piece Of Their Mind - Four-year-old conjoined twins Tatiana and Krista from Vernon BC, share not just a skull but part of their brains. One will look at a toy. The other can reach across and grab it, even though her own eyes couldnt possibly see it
Did a shadowy organisation just offer to buy the British government? Its all on official record...
The American government is illegally running surveillance of Norwegian citizens  
Canadian poker pro Terrence Chan: [I am] done with America - turned back at the border twice. Just wanted to complete in the no-gi World Championships in Long Beach, train some jiujitsu and some muay thai...
YouTube begins removing al-Qaeda videos
Globalisation is unravelling before our eyes.
10-Year-Old Gives Birth in Southern Spain
Greece Suspends Outgoing Airmail After Wave of Bombs
Khodorkovsky gives his verdict - SOME words become history years after being spoken. Others carry historic weight as soon as they are uttered. The last words spoken today by Mikhail Khodorkovsky, as his 18-month trial drew to a close, belong to the second category.
Rivers run dry as drought hits Amazon
The diary of German author Ernst Jnger, has been published for the first time. Its dispassionate description of life and death on the Western Front is a cold indictment of war -- even though Jnger embraced the conflict throughout as a glorious test of manhood
Inner Mongolia was once one of the poorest areas of China. Not anymore. The Inner Mongolian city of Ordos now has the highest per capita GDP of any city in China. This rags-to-riches story has come to symbolize the rapid development of a nation as a whole. But its come with some growing pains. 
Ladas Theme - blogpost from documentary maker behind The Power Of Nightmares, this time focusing on Lada cars and the rise of Boris Berezovsky. It couldnt happen here, could it?
The Consequence of Oil
South African doctors fear for their lives
Suspected al Qaeda militants blew up the oil pipeline in
south Yemen, the day Sanaa launched a major operation
to arrest a Saudi bomb-maker accused of being behind a
foiled bomb plot involving U.S.-bound parcels.
Israel halts dialogue with UK over war crimes law
Ministry of Sound Forced To Suspend File-Sharing Shakedown
BBC News - Indonesia volcano Mount Merapi in new eruption
Oklahoma voters ban judges from using Islamic law when deciding cases. Muslim community calls it an attack on Islam, prepares to sue
Turkey reinstates YouTube ban days after lifting it
Tamil refugee: `Why I fled to Australia
Around the world, concern over the global impact of U.S. elections
Somalia vows to release child soldiers in army
Canadian couple wins $11.2 million jackpot and gives away the entire thing. 
Nearly 100 Toronto police officers will be disciplined for removing their badge numbers or name tags at the G20 summit
A court in Vinnytsya, Ukraine, ordered a trade union activist to undergo a forced psychiatric examination after prosecutors argued that he has an excessive awareness of his own and others rights and an uncontrollable readiness to defend these rights in unrealistic ways.
Out of a Dan Brown novel: A mysterious organisation offers to pay off 5 billion British debt.
WikiLeaks founder urges US to investigate alleged abuse by its troops, as US faces UN grilling over human rights record
Senkaku Footage Leaked on to Internet: Shows Chinese Trawler Ramming Japanese Patrol Boat
ACAPULCOIn another grisly turn in Mexicos drug war, police have recovered 18 bodies from a mass grave . . . the victims were from a tourist group kidnapped in Acapulco a month ago
The next human to plant a foot on the moons surface is most likely to be Chinese or Indian  and that small step could happen as soon as 2020
Two gang-raped nurses expelled from hostel in Pakistan - A hospital probe committee has decided to expel from the hostel two trainee nurses who were gang-raped in this Pakistani city. The reason: The victims violated the rules.
Qantas plane (A380) makes emergency landing in Singapore - explosion reported
Burma hit by massive online attack ahead of its first election in 20 years. 
Lonely carnage abounds in Japans suicide forest - CNN.com
20 tons of pot seized in an underground tunnel in California!
Sundays election could legitimize Burmas military rulers, but why?  It was Burmas army, which gang-raped their women and forced their men into slavery.
Poor Haiti cant catch a break. Potential hurricane heads their way as millions still live in tents.
Airbus A380 plane landed in Singapore with smoke coming out of its underside after and reported mid-air air explosion.
Albino candidate overcomes prejudice - Tanzanias first elected albino MP said yesterday the result was a breakthrough for albinos in the east African country, where scores have been murdered for their body parts to be used in sorcery.
BBC News - Haiti cholera deaths rise sharply
Colossus: the giant Gazan prison - The blockade imposed on Gaza is a powerful psychological device aimed at wringing concessions from Gazans and Hamas.
Zweimal Hitler bitte  - We feel the absence of Germanys shoulder at the European wheel 
Singapore convicts author of death penalty book
Why Do Christians Remain Silent About the Persecution of Christians in Muslim-Majority Societies? Why Do Feminists Remain Silent About the Persecution of Women in Muslim-Majority Societies?
Mass grave found in Mexico: Bodies of at least 18 people found in grave close to city of Acapulco, after 20 men were reported missing in September.
Iran Tightens Security as Subsidy Cuts Loom 
China: Report exposes Foxconns oppressive work regime. A report on conditions inside the Chinese factories of giant electronics manufacturer Foxconn has provided graphic details of the exploitation facing young employees.
The passenger in question was observed at the beginning of the flight to be an elderly Caucasian male who appeared to have young looking hands. During the flight the subject attended the washroom and emerged an Asian looking male that appeared to be in his early 20s.
A statue of the Virgin Mary started weeping in an outdoor shrine in Windsor, Ontario. A crowd gathered. The locals got annoyed. The city fathers ordered the statues removal because it didnt have a permit. I fucking love Canada. 
The Kalahari Bushmen, who have lived in Southern Africa for more than 20,000 years, are now being starved off their land to make way for lucrative diamond extraction by Botswana government which partly owns diamond retailer De Beers!
Secret British military video of interrogation techniques in Iraq submitted during high court proceedings shows a prisoner threatened, intimidated, subjected to sensory deprivation and complaining of starvation (Warning: some viewers may find material disturbing)
America, youre not the only ones at it. Interrogation techniques at Britains Abu Ghrai revealed.
China is reported to have written to EU embassies in Oslo, urging them not to take part in the Nobel Peace Prize award ceremony for the Chinese dissident Liu Xiabo on Dec. 10, but Denmarks ambassador says he will be attending.
Cleaning blood from the floor of a mosque: Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for mosque strike [PIC]
China warns Western countries: Stay away from the Nobel ceremony, or else... 
China concerned over YouTube video - Tokyo probes Senkaku ship collision upload
Explorer who discovered the worlds biggest copper deposit in Chile stakes claim in Paraguay to what he says may be the worlds largest titanium find - an area the size of London
WikiLeaks founder says may seek Swiss asylum
WTF? In Hungary, a midwife faces five years in Hungarian prison for championing home births
Plane with 68 onboard crashes in Cuba, no survivors reported
Margot Wallstrm, U.N.s Special Rep on Sexual Violence in Conflict: I want to say we cannot and should not accept [sexual violence in war and conflict as collateral damage]. Sexual violence in .. is criminal. No other human rights violation is routinely dismissed as inevitable.
A bomb went off at a mosque during Friday prayers in Pakistans north-west, killing at least 50 people and trapping others under debris after the roof collapsed.
Death toll rises to 122 as Indonesia volcano torches villages: Were totally overwhelmed here! 
Russias military reform leaves officers behind
No news today - the BBC are on strike
The name of my complex is Merapi View. Weve got a view all right. And a soundtrack.
Top 5 countries to live in: Norway, Australia, New Zealand, United States, Ireland - says the UN Human Development Report 2010
Saudi King gets number 3 on Forbes Most Powerful People list - one spot behind Barack Obama, and one spot ahead of Vladimir Putin
Iraqis claim torture by UK soldiers - There are credible allegations of serious, inhumane practices across a whole range of dates and facilities concerning British military detention in Iraq, Michael Fordham, representing the Iraqi group.
Second Qantas jet returns to Singapore after engine trouble.  WTF, this is the same engine from the same company from the same airport.  Something is going on.
Food &amp; Water Europe report says GE salmon will not feed the world: The company producing this [transgenic] fish.. is the only one who will be profiting from it, despite misleading claims that this product could be a means to feed growing populations around the world.
Anger as Irish Govt plans handouts of cheddar to the poor. Agriculture minister says its a means of contributing towards the well-being of the most deprived citizens..
Why children are horrifically good soldiers - Theyre small enough to transport easily in large numbers, yet big enough to handle modern lightweight arms...They have no real sense of fear and, when indoctrinated young enough, their capacity for loyalty and for barbarism exceeds that of adults.
An Albino gets elected to Tanzanias parliament. One of his goals?  Stop the gruesome trade in albino body parts that has emerged in recent years.  
Pilots Association urges airline pilots to opt out of TSA naked body scanners
Chinese Justice - Fuck China, Stop purchasing their tainted shitty products...
Norwegian Nobel Committee hacked - China could you be more obvious?
Ex-German leader Gerhard Schroeder says George Bush is lying in new book
Iran fails to get seat in UN womens rights agency; but Saudi Arabia did. WTF?
China jails tainted milk activist Zhao Lianhai 2 &amp; 1/2 years for inciting social disorder
Is there no end to the lies that George Bush will tell? 
Sarkozy signs bill increasing pension age despite protests
Former United Kingdom Intelligence Chief all but calls George W. Bush a Liar
It takes a certain minimal intelligence for the truly dim to have a notion of their own dimness, but this is denied George Bush. He has the self-awareness of a bison
Iraqs Christians urged to flee en masse after more attacks: About 400,000 Christians left in Iraq, down from 800,000 before Bushs invasion
A father who organized a support group for other parents whose children were sickened in one of Chinas worst food safety scandals was convicted and sentenced Wednesday to 2 1/2 years in prison for inciting social disorder
The Arab myth of western women
Oil curse reaches Uganda. Before the oil has even started flowing, it has already caused conflicts over land, speculative buying, and murder - Oil has monetised things such as land which used to be free, and because people are not used to that the whole social fabric is likely to change.
Thousands of Yemeni tribesmen vowed to back the governments efforts in its battles against al-Qaida: We will fight against al-Qaida group as it harmed the reputation of the country, Yemeni tribes and Muslims...We expressed our sorrow to all countries and people who were harmed by al-Qaida.
Top 10 List of Most Corrupt Countries
About Costa Rica, Nicaragua, their mutual border, and Google  |  Did Nicaragua really use Google Maps cartography to justify seizing a bit of Costa Rica? Well, its a bit more complicated than that, with plenty of history attached. Heres the full story. With lots of maps
A fund dedicated to collecting reparations for Holocaust
survivors from the German government was defrauded of
more than $42 million over 16 years by a group that
included six employees and custodians of the fund. 
Deadly red-backs invade New Zealand
Our Export Success Shows How Competitive German Products Are - In interviews, Germany leaders, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, are defending their countrys trade surpluses and warning against currency wars. Her words are unlikely to find a warm welcome in Washington.
Save UK carrier force by scrapping Tornado, call from Marine General
Aristocracy still owns a third of Britains land
North Koreas nuclear chief arrested for passing secrets to a foreign power
Boris Johnson: George W. Bush cant fight for freedom and authorise torture. If the Wests aim is to spread the rule of law, it cannot be achieved by vile means
Taliban Commander:  There are no al-Qaida fighters in Afghanistan any more. I have fought in the south and in the east as well as here. In seven years of operations I have not seen a single al-Qaida fighter. Not one.
Settlers torch West Bank olive trees - Israeli settlers have torched hundreds of Palestinian olive trees in the occupied West Bank, in another sign that extremists are targeting a key product of the Palestinian economy.
Maariyamma is likely to be killed by her children because they cannot afford her. She is just one of many old parents in a southern Indian state dying in this way. But no one blinks at these ritual murders.
Irelands young flee abroad as economic meltdown looms.
A two-year-old girl suffering from leukemia died while waiting for an urgent referral to an Israeli hospital. Since January 2009 a total of 33 patients have died while waiting to access hospitals outside Gaza.
Police in Egypt have been accused of beating a teenager to death and dumping his body in a canal.
Hong Kong is officially the worlds most wasteful city, generating at least 6.5m tonnes of rubbish last year. 
Netanyahu presents security cabinet with Clintons incentive of 20 F-35 fighter planes and security guarantees in exchange for 90-day West Bank building moratorium
An Entire Village Flees Mexican Drug Violence  
A Russian Banker And His 7-Man Team Beat Up A Dutch Energy Executive
Greeces Deficit Revised to Largest in EU as Debt Tops Italys
Unlawful sex: lovers sentenced to 100 lashes - A Filipina maid and her Bangladeshi lover will receive 100 lashes and be deported for having sex out of wedlock in Sharjah in the United Arab Emirates, a newspaper said on Monday.
U.K. Politician Arrested for Gli Twitter Threats
Hard questions about the new American handouts with an Israeli settlement representative you will not see elsewhere
The Internets new billion: New web users in countries like Brazil and China are changing the culture of the internet.
Interpol hunts two Israelis for Kosovo organ trafficking
UK Peer: Israel feeds global terrorism - A long-time politician with the UK Liberal Democratic party says the Israeli regime is feeding global terrorism by mistreating Palestinians. 
Mexico Arrests 12-Year-Old Cartel Hitman
TSA Caves On Molesting Pilots
Impending indictments in Hariri killing could shake Lebanon to its core
At least 32 killed in building collapse in Indian capital
Shanghai high-rise on fire
Letter From Iran - 
Satellite TV channel co-owned by Rupert Murdoch floods Iran with Colombian soap operas. Critics say tales of material aspiration and shots of well-built women in halter tops undermine Islamic identity
British wife of a millionaire businessman killed in South Africa
Remand request issued for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange - The Local
Almost all borrowers in one of Indias largest states have stopped repaying their loans, egged on by politicians who accuse the industry of earning outsize profits on the backs of the poor
13 dead, as strange disease spreads in Uganda: We were suspecting viral hemorrhagic infection, but results from Uganda Virus Research Institute have ruled out Ebola, Marburg and Lassa. 
Here we go again. Bomb in Luggage found in Nambia on the way to Germany. Lets see what new security bullshit gets create this time.
Dutch government wants to ban tourists from buying cannabis in coffee shops, where hash is on sale legally
Labour MP Tom Watson has tabled a motion on net neutrality, succinctly explaining some complicated issues
Julian Assange challenges Swedish arrest ruling 
Chinese woman sentenced to a year in labour camp over tweet
Here is a link to the blog by Anna Arden, who is accusing Julian Assange of rape. It is blocked online and I dont know how these guys got it, but Sweden needs to pay attention to the sanity of its citizens before wrecking Assanges life.
Whats the newest propaganda for occupying Afghanistan? A rerun of the Iraq refrain: Therell be eye-watering violence if we leave.
Why 300 million more people are suddenly poor
Suu Kyi, UN Secretary General Ban call for release of Myanmar Political Prisoners
Drug Cartel Violence Erupts in Mexicos Border Towns | CNN International
Arrest order for Wikileaks Julian Assange issued in Sweden
China sentences woman to labor camp for Twitter post
French Embassy in Tehran Attacked By Iranian Regime Security Personnel
Pentagon says 2014 Afghan deadline aspirational
Indias microcredit industry may be near to collapse 
Is China drunk on its new great-power status, or is its assertiveness abroad a symptom of weakness at home?
South Africas largest circulation weekly newspaper, the Sunday Times, this month reached a milestone: It is the first national paper to publish an edition in Zulu.
Hong Kong diagnoses first bird flu case in seven years
Chinas Censors Misfire in Abuse-of-Power Case -  grievance focuses on what Chinese mockingly call the guan er dai and fu er dai  the second generation, children of privileged government officials and the super-rich.
Economic crash to drive 100,000 out of Ireland
Unemployed English Girl to Wed Soldier from Welfare Family 
Japan is ageing faster than any country in history, with vast consequences for its economy and society.
Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, advises George W. Bush not to bring his book tour to Britain, because he might never see Texas again.
At the end of the Haj, Saudi King Abdullah calls for moderation, saying, The perpetrators of terror represent none but themselves even though they appear in the guise of Islam, which is, in fact, far away from them.
      
    
- Arab News
Remember the Reddit story about Costa Rica becoming the happiest country since it abolished its military?  Now Nicaraguan troops are camped on its territory, facing no opposition.
	For the first time in more than 70 years, the Nobel Peace Prize ceremony may be postponed, amid intensive efforts by the Chinese government to disrupt the event. 
	Worm Was Perfect for Sabotaging Centrifuges - Experts dissecting the computer worm suspected of being aimed at Irans nuclear program have determined that it was precisely calibrated in a way that could send nuclear centrifuges wildly out of control.
	Julian Assange hits back at Sweden over rape arrest warrant - WikiLeaks editor says Swedish authorities behaviour is not a prosecution, but a persecution.
	Johann Hari: The religious excuse for barbarity - Halal and kosher butchery made sense in the sixth century when you needed to be sure your meat was fresh, No excuse for it in modern times. Just plain cruel. If this is religion, it doesnt deserve respect.
	Miners missing after NZ explosion: As many as 30 workers are reportedly missing after an explosion
	Ortegas Land Grab - 
Nicaragua has invaded Costa Rican territory. How will the U.S. respond?
27 New Zealand miners missing after explosion
French farmer fined for deworming ducks with cannabis
Cannabinoids Reduce Multi-Drug Resisant Infections
Experts call for ban on HGVs in Britains cities to protect cyclists
Wikileaks founder wanted by Interpol to answer rape charges
Few Afghans know reason for war, new study shows
Escalation in Gaza: For first time since July, and after assassination of two senior Army of Islam members, Palestinians fire Grad rocket into Israel.
A Hunger Strike Divides Switzerland
Russias Cyrillic Cybernauts - 
No need for a Chinese-style great firewall to contain Russias internet. Kremlin can just pick up the phone, and talk to Mail.ru, which went public this month, and which controls 70% of Russian page-views
Why Desperate Haitians Want to Kick Out UN Troops: The crisis follows decades of economic exploitation and gifts with chains attached  no wonder its citizens are angry
British government reports all spending over 25,000.
As a group of international experts arrived in Dublin on Thursday, the Irish government finally seemed to admit that it was unable to cope with its massive banking crisis alone.
Modern Warfare:  Computer worm was designed to send Irans nuclear centrifuges wildly out of control
12 acres of West Bank land burned - by peace activists
Scientists Capture Antimatter Atoms in Particle Breakthrough!
Abdelrahman was arrested on October 30 by the security services in Khartoum. No-one knows where he is being held. As a consequence of operating as an independent journalist, he has been accused of crimes against the state - an extremely serious offence in Sudan. 
All 29 trapped New Zealand miners are believed to be dead following a second explosion in the Pike River Coal mine
U.S. aircraft carrier heads for Korean waters as South Korea warns North Korea of enormous retaliation
Swedish cartoonist not afraid after new death threat: Its too cold and there is too much snow for someone to try an amateur terrorist act.
It has begunChina and Russia drop U.S. Dollar in favor of their own currencies for bilateral trade.
S. Korea may strike N. Koreas missile base
British national student walkouts begin at 11:00am today
100 years since the last Swedish execution - Today it is exactly 100 years ago since the last execution was conducted in Sweden. It was the first, and last, time a guillotine was used as a form of execution.
Iranian self-developed S-300 anti-aircraft missiles: oil drums welded together thrown in the back of a truck
China, Russia to stop using the US Dollar for bilateral trade
North Korea: South attacked us first
People who make large donations to political parties expect to gain influence and shape future policy, and it is absolutely natural and unobjectionable for them to do so, a major donor to the Conservative party said today
Ireland unveils tough austerity plan
Can anybody tell me whether this is true or false? RT news claims S.Korea has admitted to firing the first shot; I cant find any substantiating evidence, but would like to be sure.
Ten people suspected of planning terrorist attacks in Belgium were arrested in Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands on Tuesday. The raids were the culmination of months of investigation into international jihadist activities.
North Koreas well-rehearsed performance: As the smoke clears, the US and South Korea scramble to respond
The worlds first tiger summit wrapped up today with donor pledges of almost $330m aimed at making the great cat worth more alive than dead.
Saudi Employer Hacks Off Maids Lips 
UN General Assembly Votes To Allow Gays To Be Executed Without Cause...  
Cool Associated Press interactive infographic about the North vs. South Korean military matchup
Seismic change in The Vaticans stance on condoms confirmed. You cannot anymore raise the objection that any use of the condom is an intrinsic evil.
Irans parliament revealed it planned to impeach President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad but refrained under orders from Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, exposing a deepening division within the regime.
29 miners confirmed dead after New Zealand mine explosion :(
Irish unveil harshest cuts, tax hikes in history ~ Preview of what is in store for the US?
Putin Says Russian Yuan Trade to Start Next Month
China, Russia quit dollar in trade settlement
Noam Chomsky on declaring Wikileaks a terrorist organization: Outlandish. ... One of the major reasons for government secrecy is to protect the government from its own population.
And suddenly the Julian Assange rape claims reappear...
North Korea likely to attack again
Sweden celebrates 100 years with no capital 
punishment
Back in 2009, Assange: Weve got 5GB of Bank of America leaks
Iraq spent $85Mill. on a detector for guns, ammunition, drugs, truffles, bodies, and ivory. They were unpowered and worked on the same principle as a Ouija board.  Now they realize they dont work, but are still using them.
Wikileaks:  Israel Overestimating Iranian Nuclear Program
The Arctic ice is melting and what are northern countries doing? Racing for resources.
WikiLeaks cables: Pakistan opposition tipped off Mumbai terror group
(too funny:) Iran outraged as Star of David revealed on airport
10 Conversations That Just Got a Little More Awkward 
Switzerland has voted to automatically expel foreign residents convicted of certain crimes
China, one of the biggest Internet censors, took no chances and blocked WikiLeaks website amid embarrassing claims made in leaked U.S. diplomatic memos posted there
China Blocks UN Action Against North Korea
Moscows Bid to Blow Up WikiLeaks
Russia will build up forces without New START, Putin says
Wikileaks: Venezuelan Intelligence Services (DIM 
and SEBIN) are conducting HUMINT and TECH 
operations against [US] Embassy staff, as well as 
political opposition leaders and are controlled by 
the Cuban Intelligence Service operating in 
Venezuela.
Woah, now wikileaks reveals dirt on russia - WikiLeaks cables condemn Russia as mafia state
Lawyer: Assange is being persecuted in Sweden
Its Probably a Stretch, But Assange Should Probably Stay Out of the US and UK
Russia will have to build up its nuclear forces if the United States fails to ratify the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty the two countries signed this year, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 
A senior Spanish investigator alleged to the US that Moscows strategy was to use organised crime groups to do whatever the government of Russia cannot acceptably do as a government. Recent operations included gun-running to the Kurds in an attempt to destabilise Turkey and arms trafficking..
WikiLeaks Assange mother says she does not want him hunted down and jailed
Hamas says it would honor a referendum on peace with Israel
wikileaks:xMossad chief calling to use UN tribunal on the  assassination of Hariri to pressure foes to achieve Israel political goals 
If you truly support WikiLeaks, why not support Bradley Manning, the US solider who leaked the documents in the first place?
Monsanto GMO sugarbeets to be destroyed, court concludes USDA illegally approved biotech crop
Wikileaks Cables Reveal That Canada Is Boring
Julian Assange and one of the most relevant and intelligent speeches ever...the Oslo Freedom Forum speech
Not the Onion: Nigeria to charge Dick Cheney in $180 million bribery case, issue Interpol arrest warrant 
Britain allowed USA to store cluster bombs on its territory despite international ban
Avoiding US Censorship, Torrent Sites May Flee To China  
Missing The Point Of WikiLeaks - 
With or without Julian Assange, future large leaks are inevitable. The technology is out there. Thats good, if we want to challenge the institutions that control our fate, by bringing their secrets to light
Russia Below The Surface - At last, an unflinching account of corruption in Russia. Drawn from Wikileaks cables, in which diplomats say privately what no reputable source would say publicly. The crooks are the government. And vice-versa
Cuba to gradually embrace Capitalism 
Atlantic bluefin tuna on the brink of collapse: WWF teamed up with supermarket chains and restaurants to press countries to set stricter fishing regulations for bluefin tuna
WikiLeaks an American conspiracy, Afghans say
WikiLeaks cables: Alexander Litvinenko murder probably had Putins OK
Perhaps the reason North Korea stopped shelling is because SK bloodied their nose with its return fire.
 self-styled hacktivist for good who claimed to have carried out the denial of service attacks which took down WikiLeaks over the weekend has been raided by police.
 WikiLeaks cables: Secret deal let Americans sidestep 
cluster bomb ban
Unpluggable: How WikiLeaks embarrassed and enraged America, gripped the public and rewrote the rules of diplomacy
Only 17% of the public believes the Israels self-definition as a democracy should take precedence over its self-definition as Jewish
New WikiLeaks revelations show Ireland blocking U.S. ammunition transfers to Israel after the Second Lebanon War in 2006
Ambassador reports Sri Lankan President responsible for alleged war crimes
Man killed with crossbow at Toronto library - 
The man was pronounced dead at the scene after being struck down by the projectile, known as a bolt, police told CBC News.
Boss orders female staff to wear red bracelets when they are on their periods
Julian Assange, defending our democracies (despite their owners wishes)
WikiLeaks expose US tactic to ignite clash among Muslim nations: ex-Pak Army chief
Despite accusations that Julian Assange is on the run, The Independent has learnt that Scotland Yard has known his whereabouts for more than a month but has yet to receive official instructions to arrest him.
WikiLeaks vanishes from web as US company removes DNS support | Media | guardian.co.uk
Chinese drive their new motorcycles and cars like they are still on bikes. Disaster results. 
Mexican police chief who took the job men didnt want is shot dead
Assange not actually accused of Rape. Dude just didnt use a Condom and is being busted by some random Exclusive-to-Sweeden law.
Youve heard the talking point: theres nothing we didnt know in the leaks. Well the German Foreign Ministers chief of staff was just fired because they showed he was spying for Uncle Sam.
Russia, Qatar win race to host World Cups
Brazil recognizes Palestinian state - based on borders at the time of Israels 1967 conquest of the West Bank!
Want to know what actually happened between Julian Assange, the women he was with, and the accusations of rape? Read this story that actually includes the police report from Sweden. Rape? No. A woman scorned? Absolutely.
Julian Assange: The Cable Gate archive has been spread, along with significant material from the US and other countries to over 100,000 people in encrypted form. If something happens to us, the key parts will be released automatically.
PM Vladimir Putin speaking English.  I dont why this was interesting to me, but it was.
WikiLeaks is Back in Switzerland
Is it just me or does the BBC News and television network seem more neutral and less opinionated than US news networks and television?
WikiLeaks cables reveal how US manipulated climate accord
I think Reddit needs a Good News subreddit.
The British are protesting US plans to extradite Gary McKinnon, a hacker with Aspergers Syndrome who accessed Department of Defense computers.
Germany accuses US over missing Afghan funds, WikiLeaks cables show - Berlin claims that 50m contribution disappeared into US treasury coffers with 15% administrative fee taken by army
WikiLeaks cables claim first scalp as German ministers aide is sacked - Helmut Metzner admitted acting as a mole for the US embassy during negotiations to form a government.
South Korea to bomb the bejesus out of North Korea if they attack again. 
Live Q&amp;A with Julian Assange (1300GMT)
WikiLeaks: France adds to US pressure to ban website - French companies are banned from hosting websites that have been deemed criminal and violate the confidentiality of diplomatic relations.
Wikileaks.org no longer exists. Domain now hosted in Switzerland as wikileaks.ch
A leading Chinese academic said the Norths attack was a misjudgment for which it would pay a high price. The immediate cost might be military strike..the longer-term cost might be large-scale war, resulting in the disappearance of North Korea as a country, Renmin Universitys Pang Zhongying said
Spain has closed almost its entire airspace after air traffic controllers called in sick en masse.
Breaking : Amazon defies western democracies.
Lebanese Newspaper Publishes U.S. Cables Not Found on WikiLeaks
MC Hammered: Mastercard downed under DDOS overnight
WikiLeaks: Texas Company Helped Pimp Little Boys To Stoned Afghan Cops
The Vicepresidency of Bolivia is hosting the Wikileaks cables on their official website!
The Australian government on Wednesday [December 8, 2010] blamed the United States, not the WikiLeaks founder, for the unauthorised release of about 250,000 secret U.S. diplomatic cables and said those who originally leaked the documents were legally liable.
BREAKING: Nigeria Actually Goes Ahead and Files Charges Against Cheney in Halliburton Bribery Scheme
Julian Assange for the Nobel Peace Prize
Wau Holland Foundation takes legal action against PayPal over suspended WikiLeaks funds
PayPal Busted for Bogus Wikileaks Excuse
Argentina, Uruguay recognize Palestinian state
Remember that Afghan girl recently on the cover of time because her nose and ears were cut off after she tried to leave her marriage? Well Afghan police caught the cowards that did it!
WikiLeaks Reveals U.S. Twisted Ethiopias Arm to Invade Somalia
N. Korea firing shells into Yellow Sea near disputed border
As Nigeria charges Dick Cheney with corruption
Nigerian officials say Cheneys former company, Halliburton, is preparing to plea bargain
Shanghai Students Are the Worlds Best; U.S. Doesnt Crack the Top 15
WikiLeaks, Julian Assange, and the dark side of Internet freedom  -  interview with new-media scholar, on geopolitical fallout from Wikileaks affair. Assange should be handled with care. Hes emerging as hero of powerful global geek movement for Internet freedom
Glenn Greenwald Calls Julian Assanges Arrest Pure Authoritarianism: What is really going on here is a war over control of the Internet, and whether or not the Internet can actually serve its ultimate purpose. 
Assange could face trial in US - Swedish and US diplomats in informal talks with a view to Assange being delivered into US custody
PayPal says US advised it to stop Wikileaks payments 
UNDERGROUND PARTY SCENE IN JEDDAH: Jeddahs elite youth is thriving and throbbing. The full range of worldly temptations and vices are available -- alcohol, drugs, sex -- but strictly behind closed doors. - Wikileaks
More Latin American countries recognise Palestinian state  Argentina and Uruguay have announced that they would recognise a Palestinian state based on the borders that existed before the Arab-Israeli war of 1967  
Iceland firm sues Visa for blocking WikiLeaks 
Danish police have arrested a man on charges of genocide in Rwanda 16 years ago.
Scores killed in Chile prison fire 
Apparently there were two precision air bombings in Sudan in 2009, who the fuck is responsible for that?
Ontarios ombudsman: The G20 summit regulation that expanded police search powers entrapped legitimate protesters and likely violated the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. Here in 2010 is the province of Ontario conferring wartime powers on police officers in peacetime.
Wikileaks. Brazils President Lula defends Assange: Instead of blaming someone who has disclosed these documents, those who wrote them should be blamed
Wikileaks Reveals U.S. Tax Dollars Fund Child Sex Slavery in Afghanistan
Theyre entitled to be paid it, [and] were entitled to tax it - Ireland proposes to tax bankers bonuses at 90%
Pfizer payout miilions over chemical testing on Nigerian Town - Wikileaks
Why did they put Assange in jail, is that democracy at work? - Vladimir Putin
Venezuelas Hugo Chavez says hell govern from tent while flood evacuees use presidential palace
Burmas nuclear plans (weapon development with North Korea?) exposed by WikiLeaks
Massive Student Protests Rock UK
Wikileaked cable: Based on calculations from campaign observers around Iran who witnessed the vote counts, Mousavi received approximately 61% of the 42 million votes cast in 2009s election, followed by Karroubi (10-12 million)... Ahmadinejad received a maximum of 4-5 million votes
The 24-hour Athenian democracy: We are Everywhere. We are everyone. We are Anonymous. 
Report: Assange accuser flees to Middle East, may not be cooperating with police
London student protestor struck by truncheon has brain injury
Nobel peace prize awarded to Chinas Liu Xiaobo
WikiLeaks protest kicks off in Melbourne
You know you are an Asshole Country when the only other time someone else did it, It was Hitlers Germany.
Iceland Recovering - No Bank Bailouts, No Euro
What I Found In North Korea - Pyongyangs Plutonium is No Longer the Only Problem  
Defying Chinese outrage, exiled dissidents, ambassadors from dozens of countries, Norwegian royals and other dignitaries will gather around an empty chair Friday to hail absent Nobel Peace laureate Liu Xiaobo.
Paypal gives in
Rethinking terrorist blacklists: the policy of blacklisting is now facing a fundamental crisis of legitimacy.
An Iranian woman sentenced to death by stoning for committing adultery appeared last night to have been released
The Vatican refused to allow its officials to testify before an Irish commission investigating the clerical abuse of children and was angered when they were summoned from Rome...
Diplomats Son Takes Out Bad Day on Puppy...
Downloads of [Anonymous DDoS] LOIC software 
have grown 60-fold, from 390 to 23,479 in the 
last week.
Parliament Committee to review Visa &amp; Mastercard operating licenses in Iceland due to Wikileaks ban.
WikiLeaks copycats are popping up all over the world: IndoLeaks, BrusselsLeaks And BalkanLeaks
NKorea threatens SKorea with nuclear war
What would you say if China threatened to issue an international warrant for the head of the BBC because they published news of the Nobel Peace Prize? Now, how about the US and WikiLeaks?
Assange: The more secretive or unjust an organization is, the more leaks induce fear &amp; paranoia in its leadership and planning coterie. Since unjust systems, by their nature induce opponents, mass leaking leaves them vulnerable to those who seek to replace them with more open forms of governance
Secret Virginia Grand jury meets to decide fate of WikiLeaks founder - Extradition and Espionage 
Assange: Prime Minister Julia Gillard may get me killed
China and the Nobel ceremony -- China setup a new Confucius peace prize (to rival the Nobel) and their first recipient for it has never heard of such an award and had no plans to accept it.
Kuwait shuts down local al-Jazeera office for covering opposition protest meeting.
Iran condemns violence against students in Britain. (I found it hard not to editorialize this title)
Pakistani journalist sues CIA for drone strike that killed relatives
$52bn of American aid and still Afghans are dying of 
starvation 
Stockholm bomber was thrown out of Luton mosque for trying to recruit extremists
Afghan president says hed choose the Taliban over U.S.
North Korea warned today that US-South Korean co-operation could bring nuclear war to the region. 
China takes censorship to a new level by erasing from an internet blog an image of the empty chair that highlighted the absence of Liu Xiaobo, the Nobel laureate, from the peace prize ceremony in Oslo 
Massive gang shooting spree on Vancouvers west side injures 10 people
Ukraine to open Chernobyl area to tourists in 2011
Japan to Shift Its Military Toward Threats From China
In order to foster good relations with the US, North Korea urged them to send Eric Clapton to Pyongyang because of Kim Jong-Ils second sons devotion to the rock star
Liu Xiaobo Poetry Remembering Tiananmen Square Massacre to be Published in English
Nobel Laureates house in Beijing is torn down, wife missing.
Chinas Oil Juggernaut: From Texas to Sudan, China is snatching up oil fields. But will it play fair on the global market?
Swedish military officer warned of attacks in advance | If you can, avoid Drottninggatan today. A lot can happen therejust so you know, the message said.
Report: Federal Grand Jury Considering Charges Against WikiLeaks Assange
Brazil had capitalism without capital - it took a socialist metalworker to make capitalism work here, says President Lula to 60 Minutes. Brazil is off and running with jobs, industry, and resources. 
Relatives of Spanish cameraman killed in Baghdad use WikiLeaks to press for justice: After years of delays, the family of a Spanish journalist killed in a 2003 US attack on a Baghdad hotel turns to WikiLeaks documents that suggest the US and Spain colluded to prevent legal action!
BBC reporter accuses protester with cerebral palsy of rolling threateningly towards police before he was dragged from his wheelchair.
Halliburton bribes its way out of bribery charges.
Disabled man dragged from his wheelchair by police during student protest in England
Disabled protestor pulled from his wheelchair and dragged along street by police at student protests. And the media is confused why some protestors ceased to be peaceful? [Video + Story]
Daily Kos: Why Im Posting Bail Money for Julian Assange (Michael Moore)
WikiLeaks: Julian Assange granted bail but remains locked up - They clearly will not spare any expense to keep Mr Assange in jail. This is really turning into a show trial.
Kosovon human organ harvesting ring uncovered 
Worlds Most Intelligent Man - 
William Sidis (18981944). Could spell in English at age 1. Typed in French and German at 4. Entered Harvard at 11. Nervous breakdown at 12. Professor at 20. Predicted black holes. 
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange granted bail
Violence has erupted in Rome after PM Silvio Berlusconi survived parliamentary confidence votes.
EU shelves recognition of Palestine - Foreign ministers from European Union say they will recognise a Palestinian state when appropriate
Silvio Berlusconi survives confidence vote in Italys senate 
Ceremony to honour firefighters cancelled after Israel denies entry permits to Palestinians who helped battle blaze.
Wells Fargo Laundered 378.4 Billion Mexican Narco-Insurgent Dollars
Hugo Chavez, the Venezualan president, has announced plans to pass laws by decree for the next six to 18 months.
Tony Blairs ex-roommate shut down inquest
into death of Iraq whistleblower: report
Wikileaks protest march to go ahead in Sydney today despite police refusing permission
Richard Holbrooke was right: Youve got to stop this war in Afghanistan
US Congressional Research Report into charging Wikileaks under the Espionage Act [pdf]
Charges make me more determined - Assange 
As Berlusconi survives a confidence vote, rioters demand a change in government
Billy Bragg - Student Protesters: This was supposed to be a generation of slacktivists but instead they have taken the initiative, demanding that tax avoiders take their share of the pain, too.
Prepare for all-out cyber war - UK Government sites 
braced for attack by pro-WikiLeaks hacktivists
Right-wing hooligans terrorize Russia: Soccer fans combine with extremists to beat and kill minorities
We now know that Visa, Mastercard, PayPal and others are instruments of US foreign policy - Julian Assange
UK, not Sweden, behind efforts to keep Assange in jail - the British are lying
WikiLeaks Big Oil spills: BP covers up blowout, blackmails Azerbaijan
An Italian court increased sentences for 23 CIA agents convicted in absentia of abducting an Egyptian imam in one of the biggest cases against the US extraordinary rendition program
Former-Labour minister calls for all drugs to be legally available, claiming the war on drugs does not work
Greece paralyzed by general strike, protests - Some 20,000 protesters chanting no sacrifice for the rich marched through Athens Wednesday as a general strike against austerity measures grounded flights, closed factories, and disrupted hospital and transport services.
UK may ban student protests
Canadian PM: I Will Defend Israel whatever the cost
Police attack protesters during Greek general strike. Police brutally attacked demonstrators, who fought back, as an estimated 100,000 people took to the streets in a general strike that brought Greeces major cities to a standstill.
UK police chief wants to BAN PROTESTS
Things are getting bad and about to get worse in Cote dIvoire. Following the disputed elections, troops fired on protesters killing at least 9.
Quebec Judges fuck-up corrected by Texas judge, but too late.  One kid dead, another wounded when homicidal nutcase loses custody.
European Court of Human Rights ruling will force Ireland to reconsider its abortion laws.
Italian court ups sentences for 23 CIA agents
BREAKING NEWS: Critically Endangered Black Rhino Slaughtered in Serengeti National Park, Tanzania
French minister praises Assanges support of media freedom
Wikileakss Julian Assange speaks of his relief at being freed.
Iraqs war on Christians - Oil and geopolitics prevent the United States and Western European countries from speaking out against what amounts to genocide against Christians in the Middle East.
TV psychic had to be stopped, says child sex victim
High Court justice Duncan Ouseley rejected prosecutors argument that Assange should stay in prison and granted him conditional bail.
Ireland is still in denial over abortion: Every year thousands of Irish women travel abroad for abortions.
Police Make Preventative Arrests in Moscow - Police detained anyone whom they considered a potential threat, dragging them to waiting police buses. The situation in Moscow is under the control of law enforcement agencies, police spokesman Viktor Biryukov said.
Kosovo prime minister implicated in election fraud, 
murder, organ harvesting, and drug trafficking
Swedens far-right seizes on terrorist attack: Anti-immigrant parties use Stockholm bombing for political gain
Vatican could give master classes when it comes to Machiavellian power play
Reporters without borders to host mirror site of Wikileaks
Assange: Our technology means we dont know who is submitting us materials. But the name Bradley Manning was first heard by us when we read an article about his arrest in Wired magazine. 
When I was in Iraq, something happened to me that I can only explain by saying that I
lost my mind. At some point while I was in Iraq, I stopped seeing Iraqis as good and
bad, as men, women, and children. I started seeing them all as one, and evil, and less
than human.
Assange lost tooth, was housed with child killers in prison. WikiLeaks founder says he has enough material to make major US bank head resign
Popes child porn normal claim sparks outrage among victims
Apple confirms its culture of censorship and joins Bank of America, Paypal, Mastercard, Visa, Amazon and others to be Boycotted! Freedom of Information prevails!
 China bans English words in media. Chinas state press and publishing body said such words were sullying the purity of the Chinese language.
 Wikileaks: US threatened retaliation to bully EU into accepting biotech crops
UN drops sexual orientation from protected minorites list: Even if those [Arab and African] countries do not support gay rights, you would think they would support our right not to be killed.
Harry Potter actress was beaten and branded a prostitute by her family after dating man who was not a Muslim  
WikiLeaks cables: Bangladeshi death squad trained by UK government - Rapid Action Batallion, accused of hundreds of extra-judicial killings, received training from UK officers, cables reveal.
Israels not so subtle ethnic cleansing:  Israel encourages building in settlements while refusing building permits in Palestinian areas.  This and other tricks have led to 31% of Palestinians being pushed out of some areas according to Human Rights Watch
Assange: People affiliated with Wikileaks have already been assassinated
RAcist rally in Israel against rending properties to Arabs spills over into rally about ethnic purity in everything... again
ABBAS Asked ISRAEL to attack Hamas, WikiLeaks cables show.
White phosphorus fired against human targets in broad daylight - Afghanistan
WikiLeak cables to Spanish newspaper El Pais confirm that the US bullies Spain into proposed controversial website blocking law, and unleashing the fury of Spanish Internet users
Former German Chancellor Helmut Schmidt slams foolish US pursuit of Wikileaks - That seems like revenge and it is, Schmidt told weekly Die Zeits magazine in an interview to be published Thursday.
Israel orders ambassadors abroad to immediately begin public relations campaigns to combat increasing support and recognition of the Palestinian state by S. American and EU states
Assange on time in prison: lost tooth, was housed with child killers; police so concerned he would be assassinated they cut short a press conference after four minutes.
Vince Cable declares war on Murdoch takeover in secret tapes
Freedom of press just died in Hungary today
Magnitude 6.3 earthquake hits southern Iran
UK Business Secretary Vince Cable stripped of responsibilities related to media and telecoms by PM David Cameron for daring to investigate Rupert Murdochs News Corp
Israeli security officials suggest promoting Arab integration as a means of stopping radicalization
Spanish parliament rejects anti-downloading law that would have allowed the courts to close down p2p websites. Wikileaks revealed the US bullied Spain into trying to pass this law. Rest of the world: its your turn to stand firm against those who try to impose internet censorship. You can do it too!
WikiLeaks smoking cable: Israel said it had secret accord with U.S. over expanding settlements even as Obama said in Cairo they must stop
Is it really happening in Europe? More than 600 in jail including five presidential candidates and nobody cares?!
Russian newspaper gets unlimited access to the WikiLeaks database
Julian Assange Renews Membership In Australian Journalists Union - ACTU president Ged Kearney will present a membership card to Mr Assanges Australian lawyer, Rob Stary, at a ceremony in Melbourne on Thursday morning.
The Secret Behind the Travel Mayhem - 
Why is five inches of snow shutting down Londons Heathrow airport? Because its more concerned with being a mall than plowing runways.
We now know the Tory government want to sell ALL state-owned English forest
Julian Assange about secrets, leaks and why he will not go back to Sweden - Al Jazeera interview
Argentina has sentenced 15 former military and police officers to life in prison for taking part in human rights violations during Argentinas dirty war
Nuclear Arms reduction treaty ratified by US senate
Fossil hunters uncover complete 252m yr old underwater world, including plants, fish and large reptiles, in Luoping, China
Your tax dollars at work: Israeli to deploy new tanks to Gaza
Unknown Hemorrhagic fever outbreak that started in Abim Uganda Last month has yet to be identified.
Spain Rejects Proposed Legislation to Shutdown P2P Sites
Julian Assange will be Le Mondes man of the year  according to AFP via RIA Novosti (use Google Translate)
Forests size of Russia could be restored 
Toronto G20 Police Officer Finally Charged With Assault
Apple removes iPhone Wikileaks app from iTunes
S Korea to hold mega drill 
UN office for torture issues in Geneva looking into Bradley Mannings treatment
Argentina former leader Jorge Videla jailed for life
WikiLeaks cables: Syria believed Israel was behind sniper killing. Assassination of Syrian presidents top security aide caused anxiety among the political elite
Ahead Of Possible Wikileaks Assault, Bank Of America Buys Insulting Domains  Live News Wire
WikiLeaks cables: Vatican vetoed Holocaust 
memorial over Pius XII row
Israel had secret accord with U.S. over expanding settlements even as Obama said they must stop
UNs top torture official now investigating WikilLeaker Cpl. Brad Mannings pre-trial prison conditions.  USA may soon be labelled a nation that engages in torture.
Bomb explodes at Swiss embassy in Rome
Wikileaks: All 250,000 cables reported leaked in Norway
WikiLeaks to release Israel documents in six months
The Capitalist United States vs Socialist Germany: Guess who has the second highest trade surplus in the world?
Bolivia formally recognizes Palestine as independent state 
WikiLeaks strategy: Bank of America buys up hundreds of abusive domain names for its senior executives and board members as a defensive strategy against the future publication of damaging insider info from WikiLeaks
Sad end to story of a mother who sought justice for her murdered daughter in Mexico: she herself has been killed 
Assange warns of digital McCarthyism - msnbc interview
Gay rights advocates score hard-fought victory: U.N. restores reference to sexual orientation, dropped last month from a resolution opposing the unjustified killing of minority groups
UN changes its mind. Its not okay to kill gay people anymore.
A Nation Descends into Violence - The Mexican government has been using the army to fight the nations drug cartels for about four years. It isnt working. Some critics say the army is part of the problem, even if the occasional mission removes a kingpin. Felipe Caldern has no one else to trust.
WikiLeaks: Call of Duty
How Wikileaks killed Spains anti-P2P law
John Pilgers excellent video: The War You Dont See
Sir David Frost Interviews Julian Assange Upon Release from Jail
Ex-Bush strategist Karl Rove likely plays lead role in Swedens effort to prosecute Assange: Swedish PM has a friendship with Rove for 10 years, reportedly asked him to help with his 2010 re-election in Sweden and hired Karl when he got thrown out of the White House.
U.S. ambassador to Australia in Op-Ed asserts that WikiLeaks damages free expression by choking private talks. (A commenter calls it a scarily Orwellian piece attacking one of Australias most famous heroes, Julian Assange.) 
One trader owns 80-90% of the copper in London Metal Exchange warehouses; or, about half the worldwide exchange-registered copper stockpile.
WikiLeaks to publish sensitive Israel cables - Sensitive and classified documents on Israels 2006 war on Lebanon and Januarys assassination in Dubai of Hamas militant Mahmud al-Mabhuh would be released, Assange said.
Ex-Argentina leader jailed for life - Former military dictator Jorge Videla convicted of murder of at least 31 political prisoners during 1970s Dirty War.
New Zealand Discloses Military UFO Files (Link to Original Documents)
Putin reinforces Russian nationalism: Prime ministers words, actions in the wake of race riots strengthen ideology.
Web filtering: Why a Great British Firewall will be useless. Ed Vaizeys plan to block pornography online is doomed to fail because it simply wont work
South Korean Armys K-9 self-propelled guns fire live rounds during military exercises early today [December 23, 2010] on the Seungjin Fire Training Field, 20 miles (30 kilometers) from the Koreas heavily fortified border. Photo credit: Park Ji-ho / Yonhap
The Paper That Finally Changed The Law on Drugs: Published in The Lancet, the paper demonstrates  clear scientific evidence that opposes UK drugs policy. The Government respond by removing from law the need to have a scientist on the Advisory Council for the Misuse of Drugs!
Portugals drug policy pays off: US which has been  waging a 40-yr, $1 trillion war on drugs, is looking for answers in tiny Portugal
For six months, Wireds Senior Editor Kevin Poulsen possessed but refuses to publish the key evidence in the arrest of Bradley Manning for allegedly acting as WikiLeaks source. Adrian Lamo - an informant - gave Poulsen the full chat logs between Manning and Lamo. Wired was free to publish them
Wikileaks will be the death of big business and big government: The Wikileaks revolution isnt only about airing secrets and transacting information. Its about dismantling large organizations - from corporations to government bureaucracies. It may well lead to their extinction
Britains banks attempt to suppress students expos of chip and pin ATM security
WikiLeaks: Swedish government hid anti-terror operations with America from Parliament
Britain risks Israeli anger by extending diplomatic recognition to Palestinians  
6 Million Fish Dead in Bolivian Ecological Disaster
George Clooney launches satellite project to monitor Sudan and prevent civil war
New Venezuelan law makes foreign financing of political organisations illegal
Israeli warplanes violate Lebanons airspace several times, considered a violation of the peace treaty of the Israeli-Lebanese war of 2006. 
BBC News - Bank bonuses in global disclosure call - banks will soon have to show (in detail) how much their top managers are making.
17,368 Indian farmers committed suicide in 2009!
45 years ago, a joint Indo-US espionage mission lost 5 kilograms of plutonium in the Himalayas. Its still missing.
South Korean president ramps up aggressive stance towards North  - South Koreas armed forces will respond relentlessly if they are attacked again by North Korea
No Israel apology on Turkish ship raid: Netanyahu
| Reuters
Iraq Wants the U.S. Out: Prime Minister, in Interview, Says Troops Must Leave Next Year as Planned
German airports are considering assigning passengers to risk categories based on age and ethnicity, and checking them accordingly. Critics say the move would foment racism, breach anti-discrimination laws and fail to boost security. 
Christmas bomb plot: nine men remanded over plan to blow up Big Ben and Westminster Abbey
Law on Internet to prosecute rumormongers unconstitutional - A law that provided the legal grounds to indict Minerva, a well-known Internet commentator, for spreading misleading information on the Internet was ruled unconstitutional, Tuesday.
 Why is the north magnetic pole racing toward Siberia?
 WSJ obtains Wikileaks financial data: spending up, donations down - Boing Boing
Did Pfizer Bribe Its Way Out of Criminal Charges in Nigeria?
Bolivian Bus drivers announce a strike in response to the 83% increase in the price of gasoline and the 73% increase in the price of diesel fuel 
Iran hangs man convicted of being Israeli Mossad spy.
USA forced Swedens hand on piracy and Pirate Bay crackdown
Paris to ban SUVs from driving city streets
WikiLeaks cables revealed secret concerted U.S. effort to stop a crusading Spanish judge from investigating a torture complaint against former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales and five other senior Bush lawyers.
German Kindergartens ordered to pay copyright for songs - Up until this year, preschools could teach and produce any kind of song they wanted. But now they have to pay for a license if they want children to sing certain songs.
Israel is discriminating against Palestinians living in the occupied territories by depriving them of water, electricity and roads - Human Rights Watch 
South Korea says it will prepare for unification with North.
Since there must always be two sides to every 
story, the BBC invites a Christian who supports the 
execution of gay people to comment on Sir Elton 
Johns newborn child.
Terror suspects arrested in Sweden and Denmark  --  Five men planed to kill as many people as possible at Danish daily. 
The Israeli armys looting of books belonging to Palestinian intellectuals, where as many as 30,000 Arabic books and manuscripts, some of them rare and valuable, ended up in Israels National Library.
Nigerias deal to drop Dick Cheneys charges called illegal
Wired: Putting the Record Straight on the Lamo-Manning Chat Logs
WikiLeaks: US declined to cooperate in Dubai Probe of Mabhouh Killing
Rabbis wives urge Israeli women: Stay away from Arab men - A new letter signed by 30 women suggests that girls who date non-Jews will be cut off from their holy race.
WikiLeaks clones popping up in Europe and beyond - The perceived successes of WikiLeaks have catalyzed would-be whistle-blowers to launch their own crusades for transparency. The most recent is PirateLeaks.cz, launched by the Czech Pirate Party. 
Israeli security services deny Palestinian detainees access to legal advice or family before confessions are signed, according to a report by an Israeli and a Palestinian rights group.
Lawyers in Nigeria accuse the government of acting illegally by agreeing to settle criminal bribery charges against Cheney out of court
Pancho Villas Heir Fighting Drug Cartels in Mexico
French War On File Sharing Begins: more than 100,000 internet-users warned that they have been caught accessing pirate material.
Denmark foils terror attack: Police arrest five suspects linked to a plot against newspaper that printed controversial cartoons of Prophet Muhammad.
The British armed forces are drawing up contingency plans to evacuate hundreds of thousands of British residents and tourists from Dubai and other Gulf cities in the event of war with Iran.
Future Shock? Welcome to the New Middle Ages
India Joins U.S. Effort to  Stifle Iran Trade 
No police in Mexico town after last officer kidnapped
Let them do it!: Chavez dares U.S. to cut ties 
Christian Association of Nigeria and Nigerian Muslims spiritual leader make a joint statement condemning politicians for inciting religious violence
Julian Assange Threatens To Name Arab Leaders With CIA Ties
When I hear someone say that soldiers defend our freedom, my immediate response is to gag. But I can think of one exception. If theres a soldier anywhere in the world whos fought and suffered for my freedom, its Pfc. Bradley Manning
An area of Australia larger than France and Germany combined is currently underwater in the worst flooding in recorded history. 200,000 people are currently cut off with water levels still rising. More links in comments.
Dancing Boy Scandal Taints Both Americans and Afghans - To win over Afghan locals, American contractor DynCorp bankrolled bacha bazi parties -- the culturally accepted practice of pedophilia by men against boys.
The Bradley Manning soldiers defend our freedom article was plagiarised from this Independent story. I thought it was great, but you should read about the other under-appreciated heroes of 2010, too.
India: High-profile human rights activist gets life for treason, exposing cracks in justice system
Gunmen have kidnapped a 28-year-old woman who was the last police officer in the town of Guadalupe, Mexico. About 10 unidentified gunmen set fire to the home of Erika Gandara and torched both cars parked outside for good measure before abducting her...
Unexpected events largely ignored in Western media: In Tunisia, unthinkable public unrest saw thousands demonstrate against the regime of President Zine el Abidine Ben Ali(!)
Palestine to open embassy in Brazil - President Mahmoud Abbas lays cornerstone in Brasilia on land for the Palestinians first embassy in western hemisphere.
Survey: 53% of Jewish-Israelis oppose full equal-rights for Israeli-Arabs 
A strike is taking place across Pakistan to protest against possible changes to the blasphemy laws, which carry mandatory death sentence for anyone who insults Islam. 
China makes Skype illegal
A thousand people took to the streets of Buenos Aires to celebrate a year of marijuana activism and call for the right to grow their own plants
Wikileaks: The chief of the Revolutionary Guard angrily slapped Iranian President Ahmadinejad in early 2010, as Tehran was still dealing with the fallout from last years election!
Lebanon is staring into the abyss - 
Whatever the tribunal into the death of Rafik Hariri decides, it will pour petrol on Lebanons raging fire
War Nerd: Market Lessons from the Pashtun - If all these neocons who worship the Ancient Greeks really want to know what their precious Greeks were like, they should go live in a Pashtun village.
Macedonia Faiths Unite Against Gay Marriage - Leaders of five main religious communities demand constitutional changes to rule out same-sex marriage and gay adoption.
Estonia adopts the euro tomorrow, amidst fear from much of the public.
Homeless man who squatted in apartment to avoid arctic weather conditions over Christmas then left it as he found it is jailed...
Cuba cuts subsidy for toiletries - President Raul Castro says monthly ration book will also be slashed to overhaul economy and prevent financial crisis.
A Litany Of Wikileaks Evidence That US Behaves Like Rogue State And The Spanish Case Against American War Criminals Is Alive And Well.
200,000 Austalian citizens have been affected flood waters. In Northeastern Australia military aircraft dropped supplies to towns cut off by floods. 200,000 people have been affected by waters covering an area larger than Texas and Montana combined.
South African poultry industry accused of racism for taking out-of-date frozen chicken returned to suppliers , washing them in chlorine , injecting them with flavoring  , repackaging them with new expiry date and selling them to smaller family run businesses
EFFs 2010 Trend Watch Update on Global Internet Censorship: Wikileaks has been subject to an astonishing amount of informal government pressure, which convinced a string of Internet hosting companies to drop the site. These are troubling developments.
The Lucrative Business of Polluting - The Kyoto Protocols allows companies to continue polluting at home by assisting in emissions reductions abroad. If its critics are right, however, the system is being massively abused and actually discourages reductions that might otherwise be made.
Wikileaks releases cable of the July 1990 meeting between then-US Ambassador to Iraq, April Glaspie, and Saddam before the Kuwait invasion: Saddams message of friendship to President Bush
The WikiLeaks saga has a message . . . Your day is over. There needs to be a better, more open, more transparent way of conducting policy and politics. Because wherever democracy is broken, the social internet will find a way around. In China, in Iran and yes, even in our precious European Union.
7.1 magnitude earthquake hits Chile.
Lack of Jobs in Southern Europe Frustrates the Young - even multiple degrees and five languages are not enough to land a paying job
The Village Where the Neo-Nazis Rule.  Hitler salutes in the street, firing practice in the forest: Neo-Nazis have taken over an entire village in Germany, and authorities appear to have given up . The place has come to symbolize the far rights growing influence in Germany.
Settlers set fire to home as seven Palestinians sleep inside
Actor Pete Postlethwaite dies :(
WikiLeaks: Israel Plans Total War on Lebanon, Gaza - The paper says that US cables quote Gen. Ashkenazi telling the US congressmen, Im preparing the Israeli army for a major war, since it is easier to scale down to a smaller operation than to do the opposite.
Leaks reveal USA and Germany are collaborating on next generation spy satellites called the HiROS project. The spy satellites will make it possible to monitor any spot on earth, down to 50 cm - with fresh images 3-5 times a day.
Vietnams Mammoth Cavern - Photo Gallery - A massive cave complex has been discovered in Vietnam and the pictures are incredible. This is the cave that Donald Trump would claim. It has a jungle. You can build a skyscraper in part of it. Waterfalls? Got those too. 
Aftershocks: Welcome to Haitis Reconstruction Hell - Dispatches from the tent cities, where rape gangs &amp; disaster profiteers roam
Wikileaks: US recommends drawing up list of countries for retaliation over opposition to genetic modification 
Gunther von Hagens, the German anatomist famous for his Body Worlds shows of preserved corpses, has told a German newspaper that he is suffering from Parkinsons disease. He is preparing to become an exhibit himself, he said. 
Nearly 200,000 Indian farmers have killed themselves in the past decade. 
Mention of indian caste system in Malaysian text book has Malaysian Indian Congress up in arms who said they would rather forget such a thing ever existed and dont need to be reminded of it
Anonymous lends a hand to Tunisian protesters: Take down Tunisian government and stock exchange websites, deface with manifesto
N Korea to spend 100 million on new offices &amp; cribs for jr dictator
The English language has almost doubled in size in the past century as we are living in a rich linguistic peak
China boasts breakthrough in nuclear technology
Investigation closes in on German weapons company - Police recently searched the offices of German arms company Heckler &amp; Koch in connection with allegedly illegal weapon exports to Mexico used in the drugs war. One manager involved in the deal has already resigned.
Ugandan high court rules Rolling Stone newspaper cannot out homosexuals as planned.  Three men already outed receive damages.
Japan Pushes Away Skilled Immigrants Despite Aging Population
Anticipating a WikiLeaks disclosure, Bank of America has begun scouring its own records for damage control.
Greece decides to construct a fence along its border with Turkey to fend off an ongoing flood of economic migrants from the Middle East and North Africa.
Israel extends a six-month ban on the immigration of Palestinian Arabs married to Israelis.
Punjab(Pakistan) governor Salman Taseer assassinated in Islamabad
Some Christians have predicted the end of days by May 21st.  Im challenging them to bequeath me their property on May 22nd.
If Youre Homeless In Japan, Here Are Your Options
And so it starts...Sri Lanka considers banning mini-skirts , removal of billboards featuring scantily-clad women ...The Lakbima News newspaper said mini-skirts could be banned if the cultural ministry had its way under a new era of moral purity.
Saudi Arabia announces that all online publishing (news, forums and blogs) must be registered and licensed     
    
- Arab News
A 15-year-old girl is more likely to die in childbirth than finish school in Southern Sudan
	As Hungary takes over the rotating presidency of 
the European Union, Prime Minister Viktor Orbn 
has introduced a new law aimed at gagging the 
media. The Facebook generation is up in arms. But 
Orbn remains largely unchallenged in his country, 
where most people have other worries.
WikiLeaks: Drug Enforcement Agency Goes 
Global, Beyond Drugs. The US Drug Enforcement 
Administration has grown into a global intelligence 
organization whose reach extends far beyond 
international drug trafficking.
A huge Dragon tower to be built on border between Wales and England
The extremely long history of incorrect Israeli predictions about when Iran will obtain a nuclear bom
Remember the Iranian nuclear scientist who defected to the US, then years later suddenly claimed hed been kidnapped by the CIA in Mecca, then returned to Iran with a parade? Hes now being tortured in Iran.
The Dubai Job - How Mossad killed top Hamas official Mahmoud Al-Mabhouh in Dubai a year ago. Epic story sourced from Dubais chief of police. Much cloak-and-dagger detail, including wigs, lock-picking, forged passports, undetectable poisons
Too-Big-to-Fail Banks Face New Limits Under EU
Nazi-era mass grave discovered in Austria - A hospital cemetery in western Austria could contain the remains of up to 220 disabled people thought to have been killed by the Nazis as part of their euthanasia programme.
Flooding in Australia
Reynaldo Dagsa was taking a picture of his family when he was fatally shot [PIC]
Volunteer Cyber Army Emerges in Estonia.
Cartels carve bloody swath through Central America: In Guatemala, alleged members of Zeta cartel say war will start in this country.
Greece plans to build a 12.5km fence at border with Turkey to prevent immigrants from entering the country.
Argentinas impressive bank heist -  Al Jazeera 
Iran invites nations to nuclear plants: 
Iran to open its atomic sites to some world powers, US not invited.
Japan to Propose Closer Military Ties With S. Korea
Crocodiles, snakes are danger in flooded Australia - Bloomberg
U.S. agents are armed with insider information that could help lead them to top Mexican drug-cartel leaders, thanks in part to a Houstonian who was a member of an arms-trafficking group that sent more than 300 military-style weapons to Mexico.
Mountain Revolt - Bavarian Farmers Threaten Bid for 
Olympic Games
Cable from the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv says Israeli officials wanted Gazas economy functioning at the lowest level possible consistent with avoiding a humanitarian crisis.
Over 3,000 birds fall dead in AR, over 500 in LA; 83,000 drum fish wash up on shore; 20,000 fish in Chesapeake Bay; 15 tons of fish wash up dying on shores of Brazil. In four days.
Assange: WikiLeaks does not have concerns for US national security, but rather for human beings
Greek professor of linguistics at Cambridge University credited with identifying an endangered Greek dialect which is spoken in a remote mountainous region in northeastern Turkey and is believed to be a linguistic gold mine because of its close similarities to ancient Greek.
President Ahmedinejad had harsh words for the West during a speech..on Tuesday [4 Jan 2011], telling them to respect other nations and their rights. Stop aggression and invasion...In doing so, nations will forgive you and give you an opportunity to make up for your past errors and heinous crimes
WikiLeaks: Chinese attacks on Google came from the top
France is the country that conducts the most industrial espionage on other European countries, even ahead of China and Russia, said leaked US diplomatic cables quoted today by Norways Aftenposten.
Chinese adult children must, by law, visit parents regularly - Chinas new Elder Law
40% of French and Germans believe the presence of a  muslims is a menace. 70% think muslims are not well integrated 
Israeli PM appeals to US to free CONVICTED SPY
Pedophile Priest Tony Walsh Face Slashed In Jail
The Rise of the New Global Elite - The Atlantic
Birds fall dead from the sky in Sweden too! WTF is happening!? O.o
I had no idea, but Greg Palast has been arrested! His latest blog is private but the slug says busted by BP in Azerbaijan
WikiLeaks: Israel aimed to keep Gaza economy on brink of collapse; there is no justification for demanding we allow residents of Gaza to live normal lives while shells and rockets are fired from their streets - Olmert
Israeli air strikes hit Gaza. Israeli warplanes launched airstrikes Tuesday at two cities in Gaza, but there were no immediate reports of casualties, Palestinian and Israeli officials said.
Romanias witches forced to pay income tax - are planning to use cat excrement and dead dogs to cast spells on the president and government.
Police in the UK have banned ITN from a press conference because they highlighted bungled investigation into Joanna Yeates murder
The Pentagon underestimated the speed at which China has developed and fielded a ballistic missile that may be capable of hitting a maneuvering U.S. aircraft carrier, the head of [United States] Navy intelligence said today [January 5, 2011].
Mexico overtakes US in percentage of population that is overweight 
BBC News - Palestinians look for intl support after failure of direct Israel talks
In what appears to be the first diplomatic casualty from the latest WikiLeaks revelations, the U.S. ambassador to Libya has returned to Washington and is likely to leave his post, U.S. officials said Tuesday [January 4, 2011].
Uganda court bans media outing people as Gay following campaign to expose gays in October alleging that gays had plans to recruit one million innocent kids by 2012.
Mongolia is experiencing a huge resource-based economic boom, but will it become another Nigeria?
France top culprit in industrial espionage - France is the country that conducts the most industrial espionage on other European countries, even ahead of China and Russia, said leaked US diplomatic cables quoted on Tuesday by Norways Aftenposten.
Uh, reddit? Brisbane, AU (one of our largest cities) is currently being washed away. Massive floods, death toll rising. 
Julian Assange faces execution or Guantnamo detention
BREAKING: Government troops are killing protesters in Tunisia. [NSFW Very Graphic]
How the Arizona Shooting is Being Viewed in Europe: symptomatic of a superpower in decline and at the mercy of radical politics.
Pakistan will implode if the US does not leave Afghanistan - The continuing US presence in Afghanistan fuels extremism in neighbouring Pakistan.
North Korea border guards kill five defectors on the Chinese side of their shared border
If youre near the Brisbane river, you should be evacuating now.
The Great Food Crisis of 2011
10 dead, 78 missing as instant tsunami hits Australia town
Is China headed for financial meltdown? China may be losing control of its economy to dubious financial engineering and loan sharks.
Photos from flooded Brisbane
Clusters of Galaxies containing hundreds of billions of Suns discovered. Im so impressed by how lucky and special we are that we are able to see so far in the Universe. 
Floods in Queensland, Australia now cover over 386,000 Sq Miles; Same size as MT, NM &amp; AZ ... and growing.
Banks given go-ahead to pay unlimited bonuses by UK government
Deadly Australian floods spark evacuations in Brisbane
Highly venomous snakes threaten Aussie flood victims
Daily Telegraph - China: a force fit for a superpower. The technology and firepower of the Peoples Liberation Army are growing so fast that observers are no longer curious but concerned. The sea is where the 21st century content for materials and markets will occur.
North Korea border guards kill five defectors to China for the first time in years after pursuing them across the frozen river border
Cars floating away in Queensland Australia  Flood
A karaoke marathon held last week by Icelandic singer Bjrk helped double the signature count on a petition she hopes will lead to a referendum on foreign ownership of Icelandic natural resources
Turns out the old man plane disguise case was part of a larger illegal immigrant smuggling operation.
Polish cleaner blows the lid on dirty Germans 
North Koreas Forgotten Prison Camps -  There are an estimated 150,000 to 200,000 people in a total of six concentration camps operated by the government in the central and northeastern areas of the country.
British banks cleared to pay unlimited bonuses 
Iranian human rights lawyer gets 11-year prison term, including 5 years for allegedly appearing in videotaped message without veil
West African farmers have succeeded in cutting the use of toxic pesticides, increasing yields and incomes and diversifying farming systems as a result of an international project promoting sustainable farming practices.
Sweden buying US time in Assange case - We are hearing that the Swedish are prepared to drop the rape charges against Julian as soon as the Americans demand his extradition, he said, citing sources in Washington and Stockholm.
Mexicos Drug War Eliminates a Police Force in Chihuahua: Bit by Bit, a Mexican Police Force Is Eradicated
Im French, f--- you!: smoker on flight charged with assault 
UK Teacher fired for sledding with students
British court eases bail conditions for Wikileaks founder - Assange, who was granted bail for $315,000 on December 14, is now allowed to reside in London and no longer has to report to police every day.
A group of 47 frontline al-Qaeda commanders, including a son-in-law of Osama bin Laden, have been identified in an Interpol alert on behalf of Saudi Arabia, in an unprecedented disclosure of Saudi citizens in key terrorist roles.
Brazils Drug Czar: Lets Look at Portugals Experience with Decriminalization - Pedro Abramovay, the drug czar of the new Brazilian administration, said that Portugals experience with drug decriminalization should be considered as an alternative to Brazils current anti-narcotics policy.
Senior political source claims Hezbollah and allies to resign their ministers and cause the collapse of Lebanons government. The resignation statement has been written and will be announced at 4.30 p.m.
Chinas Eco-Disaster - 
Terrifying review of Jonathan Wattss book, When A Billion Chinese Jump. China could save world by shifting towards renewable energy. But thats not going to happen. Government sees green activists, not polluters, as the threat
Life in jail is the sentence for two Pakistani Muslim blasphemers (for tearing down and trampling a poster of a gathering to mark the birthday of the Prophet Muhammad - usually this is a death sentence)
Haiti, one year later [pics]
Assange fears death penalty, but vows more leaks 
UNs Ban Ki-moon deplores Israel demolition of hotel
Teenager swept away after saving his brother from Toowoomba floods
More than 220 people die in Rio de Janeiro state as flooding and mudslides hit south-eastern Brazil. 
Assange: Wikileaks has insurance files on Murdoch - Press Gazette
[PBS] FRONTLINE - The Battle For Haiti -    An in depth documentary about Haiti 1 year after the earthquake 
At least 21 demonstrators killed by government forces in Tunisia
Hindu holy man reveals truth of terror attacks blamed on Muslims - Asia, World - The Independent
Contractor Hid in Iraq for Seven Years Over US Rape Charge
Jordan Financial Minister states that Israels refusal of the Palestinian two-state solution exposes Israel as an apartheid state
Tony Blair to appear before Iraq war inquiry on 21 January - Former prime minister summoned to second appearance before Chilcot inquiry to answer questions about legal advice ahead of 2003 invasion.
South Sudan vote passes threshold. 60 per cent benchmark needed to validate secession referendum has been met by fourth day of voting.
As if making the oldest known leather shoe wasnt enough, a prehistoric people in whats now Armenia also built the worlds oldest known winery, a new study says.
Haiti reconstruction firms only get $1.60 for every $100, rest goes back to American companies.
BREAKING: Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi formally under investigation for using teenage prostitute and abusing his position as PM
Afghan Taliban end opposition to educating girls
PM replaces Tunisia president - Africa - Al Jazeera English
A nice primer explaining whats happening in Tunisia, for idiots like me who need a tl;dr version of everything
Guyana becomes 6th South American state to recognize Palestinian independence 
Police to review evidence of phone hacking by Rupert Murdoch flagship British paper, the News of the World, despite attempts by Murdochs corporation to stop details of hacking becoming public
Third undercover police spy unmasked as scale of undercover police network within the UK environment protest movement emerges
Israel demolishes homes and classroom in West Bank village
The news half of Australia has been waiting for - Flood poses no risk to beer supplies 
Silvio Berlusconi investigated in teenage prostitution case
Emergency rule imposed in Tunisia
Norwegian Foreign Minister Jonas Gahr Stre in the West Bank: Norway considering recognizing an independent Palestinian state in September this year - will depend on progress made by then.
The fall of Tunisias president marks the first time that protests have overthrown an Arab leader
Palestinian Foreign Minister says that the Goal of gaining greater international recognition of the Palestinian State will help to get Israel back to negotiations
Japans military, citing worries about North Korean belligerence and an increasingly aggressive China, wants to cooperate in unprecedented ways with the United States
Dramatic changes may be coming in Israel: Demographers now estimate about a third of last years Jewish babies were born into the ultra-Orthodox community, an insular and devout minority that has long been at loggerheads with the rest of the increasingly modern and prosperous country.
Tunisia riots: US warns Middle East to reform or be overthrown
Pirates operating off the Somali coast have kidnapped six crew from a Danish ship thought to have been transporting weapons in the Gulf of Aden.
A brave little Australian hero. A teenager who was scared of water drowned in the Queensland floods after begging rescuers to save his younger brother first. 
Russian officials told to learn languages after Institute of Protein Research mistranslated as Squirrel Institute
Arab bloggers cheer on Tunisias Revolution and expressed hope that their own nations might follow this example
The Tunisian president and dictator, Ben Ali, flees the country after protests
Tunisia protests: The fear has gone  Ive been waiting 20 years for today
Glenn Beck - the Hate Preacher (german article, translated with Google)
Mauritanian Islamic leaders issue a fatwa banning 
female genital mutilation (FGM)
French mansion has been unlocked after being sealed 100 years as a time capsule, now reopened as a museum
Tony Blair misled Parliament by claiming that Britain could legally attack Iraq in the face of UN opposition despite being given clear advice to the contrary
Meanwhile in Kuwait : Emir grants $4 billion and free food for 2.2 years for all 1 million Kuwaiti citizens , even covers newborns born until feb 1 to celebrate 50 years of Independence  
Report: Pope John Paul IIs Vatican warned Irish 
bishops not to report child rape
Newly revealed 1997 letter from the Vatican warned Irelands Catholic bishops not to report all suspected child-abuse cases to police 
Israeli man arrested for alleged involvement in Bosnia genocide - Aleksander Cvetkovic, who moved to Israel with his Jewish wife and their children in 2006, was accused of helping Bosnian Serb forces gun down about 8,000 Muslim men and boys in Europes worst massacre since World War Two
Eco-terrorism: the non-existent threat we spend millions policing. Spying on environmental activists serves no ones interests except for big corporations.
English Is Here to Stay - 
Why learn Mandarin? China wont make you speak it.
Two Chinese state controlled banks lend more to developing countries than the World Bank
A case of whisky which spent more than 100 years buried in the Antarctic has returned to Scotland. 
9yo Timorese girl dies requiring heart valve surgery after no hospital willing to accept her 
After Tunisia, electrified Arab world sets sights on brewing revolt in Egypt
Iran has already hanged 47 people this year: executes more people per capita than any other country
Russias Medvedev backs independent Palestine
WTF: Every Kuwaiti citizen [1.5 mil] will receive US$ 3500 per person grant and free food rations for 14 months. This doesnt include rest of 2.5 mil expat population who actually does all the work. BTW Kuwait is 5th richest country in the World.
The Tunisian job: How presidents wife fled with $60m in gold bullion 
Dad: Arizona girls corneas saved vision of 2 kids
Rise of the Hans, the New tribalism - Chinas strength based on ethnic cohesion: 90% Han. Ethnic nationalism also strong among other rising powers: Russians, Persians, Arabs, Brazilians. Europes post-nationalism failing. Is the world moving back to tribalism?
Dmitry Medvedev says Moscow recognises independent state for Palestinians.
Vatican letter urged Irish bishops not to report sex-abuse cases to police
Juan Cole: Tunisia Uprising Spearheaded by Labor Movements, by Internet Activists, by Rural Workers; Its a Populist Revolution
What Arab newspapers are saying about Tunisia
Murdoch, UK establishment in deep shit.
Does anyone doubt that if Tunisias president had been overthrown by an Islamic Revolution, there would have been 24/7 coverage of it in US media?
Iceland Doing it Right : Special prosecutor into the banking crisis confirms raids and arrests have been made today.Central Bank of Iceland is among the institutions under investigation.One of the arrested parties is former National Bank of Iceland treasury boss.
Norway announces it will be among the first to recognize Palestinian State IF negotiations with Israel fail to make headway by september. 
Footage of Israel demolishing Palestinian lands and building settlements, filmed by a racist Israeli settler
His home firebombed, his dog burned, and invaded by masked men, this man defended himself by firing his gun to scare his attackers.  Police charge the homeowner.  The message?  Cops have a monopoly on force.
A smoking gun letter reveals Vatican directly ordered pedophiles be protected
Blackwater founder secretly backing Somali militia: 
Erik Prince supports private security in Africa to override rampant piracy and Islamic radicalism 
G20 Officer tells protester he has no civil rights: This aint Canada right now.
South Koreas special forces rescue sailors, kill Somali pirates
South Africas CCB poisoned the water supply at a Namibian refugee camp, bombed a South African kindergarten, and even attempted to bewitch Bishop Desmond Tutu with a baboon fetus. Now one of its officers is teaming up with Blackwaters founder...
The push to legalize pot in Mexico. (Video)
Killings of rhinos nearly triple in South Africa
Tony Blair heckled as he expresses regret for this loss of life in the Iraq war - Relatives of those killed in the conflict shouted out Its too late, as an emotional Mr Blair told of his sorrow at the bloodshed, while two female witnesses walked out and another turned her face away. 
Landslides in Brazil [pics]
Jordanians have staged growing protests in the past week as they try and copy the Tunisian uprising to get their government to step down.
Hu says China not a military threat to any nation
Third of Zimbabwes registered voters are dead
Obama must call Israeli settlements illegal
Russian Orthodox Church calls for dress code, says miniskirts cause madness: Women, said Archpriest, cant be trusted to clothe themselves properly. It is wrong to think that women should decide themselves what they can wear in public places or at work... 
One of the largest hauls of illegal chimpanzee and gorilla parts is seized by officials in Gabon.
UK ID Cards Are No More!
Icelands Central Bank governor to US Federal Reserve governor Hey man you got a BILLION dollars i can borrow man...cmon man its only a BILLION dollars ?  - revealed by Wikileaks 
that Icelands Ministry of Foreign Affairs were not even consulted about the -multiple- requests.  
Palestinian mob throws eggs and shoes at the vehicle French Foreign Ministers car. They were angered by a demand made by Alliot-Marie that Hamas leadership let Red Cross representatives visit kidnapped Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, who holds dual Israeli and French citizenship.
RuLeaks posts photos of alleged Putin Palace
My attack is on the Prime Minister of Australia, he said yesterday. I hate the parliament in Canberra. I want to go straight for the jugular vein and advise the parliament that they have no right to legislate. They should immediately step down and let the Muslims take over.
Burmas pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi has obtained internet access, two months after she was freed from years of house arrest. 
Blast rocks Moscows main airport
For most of the last two years, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that it is Israel alone that is willing to make the hard concessions for the sake of peace. These documents show it is the Palestinian Authority that were willing to make considerable concessions.
UK Police are accused of inciting illegal protest by posting messages to activist websites to incite and expand the very protests they are expected to manage.
Two Iranian opposition activists are hanged for distributing footage and photos of protests
For the TL;DR-minded, a brief analysis of what the Palestinian leaks reveal
Israel rejected Palestinian offer of almost all Jerusalem: leaked docs
This speech has been weighing on my mind greatly since I saw it. More people need to know who John Pilger is and the work he does. [VIDEO]
The world is watching Chinas economic surge with understandable awe  while politely and passively ignoring the countrys ecological disintegration.
A $21.7B development/health fund supported by the Gates Foundation, Bono and others has seen two-thirds of some grants eaten up by corruption.
Papers reveal how Palestinian leaders gave up fight over refugees:
 Negotiators agreed just 10,000 to return
 PLO agreed Israel could be a Jewish state
 US suggested Palestinians live in Latin America
Norwegian of the year to be deported from Norway
Tony Benn: Protest is vital to a thriving democracy - World Politics - Independent.co.uk
Amnesty International: Inhumane Treatment of WikiLeaks Soldier Bradley Manning
Bellicose Telegraph climate sceptic has complained to the BBC of being intellectually raped on Horizon during an interview with Nobel prize-winner
Tunisian rioters destroy a Ferrari belonging to the Presidents family (pics)
Professor Rashid Khalidi: Leaked Palestine Papers Underscore Weakness of Palestinian Authority, Rejectionism of Israel and U.S.
Egypt: An unlikely alliance of youth activists, political Islamists, industrial workers and hardcore football fans have pledged to join a nationwide day of revolution on Tuesday
Egyptian opposition warns of an explosion of the masses - National day of protest set for Tuesday
BBC News - BBC to cut online budget by 25%
China to create largest mega city in the world with 42 million people 
German foundation refuses to return Nefertiti bust
Over the past 10 years Indian security forces have killed almost 1,000 people, mostly Bangladeshis, turning the border area into a south Asian killing field
South Korea: These talks will be different.
Ivory Coasts election stalemate [pics]
Tomorrow (Jan. 25th) is the day we find out if Egypt is serious like Tunisia. 
Cairo residents in Egypt remove passwords from their wi-fi routers so protesters can communicate with the world
An Egyptian protester faces a water canon vehicle solo. 
Mahmoud Saad, a talk show host in the Egyptian state-run TV, has announced that he will no longer appear on TV starting tonight after he came under pressure from top government officials to defame protestors as rioters destroying the country.
Woman mayor shows her horrific scars after surviving two assassination attempts by Mexican gangs
Jack Shenker, the Guardians reporter in Cairo, was beaten and arrested alongside protesters in the capital last night. He made this remarkable recording while locked in the back of a security forces truck next to dozens of protesters. 
Google, YouTube, Twitter and Facebook now all reported blocked in Egypt
Egyptian Presidents family and likely successor have fled to London.
How the Tunisian government was stealing the entire countrys Facebook passwords, and how Facebook responded
Guardian reporter beaten and arrested in Cairo: People are being hauled out by police and beaten
Insane footage from protests in Egypt as protesters climb on top of water cannon as it speeds through a crowd, running over people
The Guardians detailed live updates on the growing protests in Egypt
Egypt presidents son, family flee to Britain
Protesters Just Torched A Government Building In Egypt
Anonymous hacktivists attack Egyptian websites 
A dam breaking in Egypt
Egypt Protests: Riot police fight back
El Baradei to fly to Egypt on Thursday
The people of Tunisia shouldnt have had to wait for Wikileaks to learn that the U.S. saw their country just as they did. Its time that the gulf between what American diplomats know and what they say got smaller.
Guardian reporter beaten, detained at Egypt protests; records audio throughout
Britain rolls back some unpopular post-9/11 security rules
Robert Fisk: A new truth dawns on the Arab world
Tunisia seeks arrest of ex-leader for theft and currency offences
Whats Happening in Egypt Explained
The Arab crisis: food, energy, water, justice 
Suzanne Mubarak of Egypt has fled to Heathrow airport in London
Egyptian police violently beat British journalist, smooth move Egypt, now we know what is happening to those 100s of people arrested.
And so it continues...Anti-government rallies hit Yemen
In one fell swoop, the candor of the cables released by WikiLeaks did more for Arab democracy than decades of backstage U.S. diplomacy.
Anonymous warns Egyptian Regime that they will make sure the international media sees the horrid reality you impose upon your people
Swedish ISP will anonymize all its users traffic. 
Thousands of Yemenis are demonstrating in the capital Sanaa, calling on Ali Abdullah Saleh, president for more than 30 years, to step down.
An amazing compilation video of the Egyptian riots going on currently. 
The fact that we are supporting the Mubarak regime may not be immediately obvious to most Americans, but it is the central fact about America to every Egyptian alive.
Some army units in Suez are refusing to support the crackdown against the people. Which means the government may be about to lose control over the Suez Canal. 
Tunisia, Egypt...now Yemen is protesting with thousands calling on their president to leave after 30 years in power
Shell faces hearing over Nigeria. 
Oil giant accused of abusing human rights and destroying the environment at Dutch parliamentary hearing.
Anonymous Asks For DDoS Attack On Key Egyptian Sites
Canadian Govt Spends $40 Million To Monitor Media - The Harper government spends more money keeping track of what the media is saying than it does soliciting the opinions of ordinary Canadians, a Citizen analysis of contracting records shows.
From Tunisia to Egypt and now Yemen; thousands are calling for a change in government
In an interview with spokesman PJ Crowley, an Al Jazeera reporter tries to tease out the US State Departments differing reactions to rebellion in Tunisia and Egypt.  If youre looking to understand US Foreign Policy in the ME, this is the video to watch.
Complete Internet blackout in Egypt
Clooneys satellite project shows troops near Sudans border
Protests in Egypt - live updates
Germany says it is suspending payments to the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria until it gets answers about corruption allegations raised in articles by The Associated Press.
Yemenis take to the streets calling for President Saleh to step down  
As unemployment rises and oil and water reserves dwindle, thousands demand an end to presidents 32-year reign
Mohamed ElBaradei says he is ready to assume power in Egypt if the people calls for him to do so
Yemenis follow the example of Tunisia and Egypt to fight for their rights 
Ugandan gay rights activist murdered.  David Kato, 43, was an activist with Sexual Minorities Uganda who was pictured and named by the anti-gay tabloid in a story that called on readers to hang gay rights advocates.
from 2009 assessment: U.S. security and military aid to Egypt ... does not aim to strengthen Egyptian military power against any external threat... Instead, this aid is devoted mainly to strengthening the regimes domestic security and its ability to confront popular movements.
Russia said on Wednesday [january 26, 2010] that NATO should investigate last years computer virus attack on a Russian-built nuclear reactor in Iran, saying the incident could have triggered a nuclear disaster on the scale of Chernobyl.
5 Al-Jazeera Journalists Just Got Arrested In Egypt
Reddit Londoners: Please come protest at Gamal Mubaraks house in London tomorrow (Monday)
Al Jazeeras website has seen a 2500% increase in traffic...60% of that is from the U.S.
Ugandan lesbian awaiting deportation from England, faces certain torture for her sexuality
It is being predicted that Tropical Cyclone Yasi, now barrelling towards the Queensland coast, could be its worst storm in recorded history, deluging the already flood-ravaged state with up to 40 inches of rain. Islands across the Great Barrier Reef are being evacuated and coastal ports closed.
The Egyptian Army states that it will NOT use force against protesters.
Its spreading, the Syrians are planing a revolution in February 5th.
Mega protest planned in Egypt - Al Jazeera English
Libya, with Africas largest oil reserves and the worlds ninth largest, imposes a state of emergency for fear of demonstration and rallies.
Bradley Manning says hes hopeful about the uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt and is excited by young people using technology to organize the protests
WikiLeaks: Britain secretly advised Libya how to secure release of Lockerbie bomber
If they fire on the Egyptian people, Mubarak is finished, she said. And if they dont fire on the Egyptian people, Mubarak is finished. Of such wisdom are Egyptians now possessed.
Noam Chomsky provides excellent break down of the situation in Egypt..
Indian Navy destroys pirate mother ship, arrests pirates
China censors Egypt protests: 
Government of China trying to limit public knowledge of the unrest in Egypt. 
The former Jordanian Foreign Minister says No Arab country is safe and no leader is immune from Tunisias fate if they do not take immediate steps to improve democratic rights.
Egypt Now In FULL Internet Blackout
2214: Egypts last working internet service provider, Noor Group, is now down, according to a US web monitoring organisation.
What may be the largest cyclone EVER is approaching Australia
Is Syria next? Opposition movements calling for mass protests against Assad
Libya Bans Soccer Matches in Fear of Anti-Government Protests
Learn from our mistakes - Letter from an Iranian to the people of Egypt
As protests simmer in Tunisia, and news shifts to Egypt, reforms risk being forgotten.
Egyptian Army Will Not Use Force Against Protesters
At least 50,000 people in Tahir Sq as Egypt protests enter day 7
For Egypt protests, Google has enabled feature to post to Twitter with just a voice connection
Al Jazeera Offers Up Egypt Coverage To Anyone Who Wants To Use It Under Creative Commons License
The King Of Jordan just dismissed his government in an attempt to not be the next Egypt
Al Jazeera is reporting two million people have showed up in Cairo and hundreds of thousands of protesters are marching in other cities.
Julian Assange running for Nobel Peace Prize 
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Erdogan: No government can survive against the will of its people. The era of governments persisting on pressure and repression is over. . . . We are all passing, and will be judged on what we leave behind.
Al Jazeera: If we have to use Flip cams in Egypt, we will. If we have to use online in the US, we will.
A video interview with a well-spoken protester in Tahir Square
Nobody is hearing about protests Sudan because the Government is heavily censoring the press
New cables released by Wikileaks reveal that the U.S. government has been quietly anticipating as well as cultivating Omar Suleiman, the Egyptian spy chief, as the top candidate to take over the country should anything happen to President Hosni Mubarak.
Human Rights Watch: Looters included undercover Egyptian police
Report: Huge ISPs want per-GB payments from Netflix, YouTube... as well from end users
Egyptian army vows not to use force on protesters - says their demands are legitimate
Hamas blocks Egypt solidarity demonstrations in Gaza; Human Rights Watch reports that Gazan police thwarted local efforts to protest Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak.
Prominent Muslims joined Jews and Christians in prayer at Auschwitz on Tuesday in a gesture of interfaith solidarity
Stirrings of popular dissent are already underway in Yemen and Jordan too. All the other US-backed monarchies and pseudo-democracies across the region are feeling the heat. The US empire in the region is crumbling.
Impoverished Indian families caught in deadly spiral of microfinance debt: Small loan schemes devastate the lives of millions of poor people and reveal the dark side of Indias economic boom
Fears that Egypts uprising may set off escalating protests in the tense Shia region of Saudi Arabia, home to the worlds richest oilfields. 
Egyptian Girl leaves message for all outside of Egypt. I am not scared this time. 
Iran began 2011 by hanging 8 accused drug traffickers on New Years Day and that was just day one. By the end of January, Iran had executed at least 56 drug offenders
Mubarak gives a statement on state television saying he will stand down at the next elections in September
100 dogs in Vancouver, Canada killed after business slows after 2010 Winter Olympics
To the great people of Egypt, your armed forces, acknowledging the legitimate rights of the people, stress that they have not and will not use force against the Egyptian people, said the statement.
Egyptian author Ahdaf Souief on Jan 24 in India, Its all young people... And its all really without a leadership, but its there, its keeping the streets alive, weve never had as much civil unrest in Egypt as weve had in the last 5 years... And that is good
Official: Egypts Mubarak will not seek re-election
Clashes have broke out between pro and anti-government demonstrators in Tahrir Square as protesters claim Mubarak concessions insufficient 
Mubarak says he wont stand for re-election in September and will aid a peaceful transition of power.
Hundreds of pro-Mubarak supporters attack protesters in Cairos central square. Situation is escalating.
...it is absurd to think of this as simply clashes between two rival groups. The pro-democracy protesters are unarmed and have been peaceful at every step. But the pro-Mubarak thugs are arriving in buses and are armed  and theyre using their weapons.
Internet back up in Egypt
Pro-Mubarak supporters are recognizably police dressed as civilians
Tony Blair: Mubarak is immensely courageous and a force for good
Noam Chomsky about Egypt: This Is The Most Remarkable Regional Uprising That I Can Remember
Anonymous hits Egyptian government sites with fresh DDoS attacks
President Saleh of Yemen pledges not to run for re-election in 2013 after 32 years in power. As a kicker, he promises that his son will not run for President, either.
What Western governments have to say to Mubarak is irrelevant and, frankly, offensive. Theyve been supporting the dictatorship politically, financially and militarily for 30 years.
VIDEO: We Cant Get Out: Protestors blocked from leaving Tahrir Square as Army lets in
pro-Mubarak thugs to attack them
Cyclone Yasi begins. To fellow redditors living in Queensland stay safe aite.
Turkeys prime minister backs Egyptian protesters, urges Mubarak to look around
Now this is my kind of news photo [NSFW]
WikiLeaks: US and China in military standoff over space missiles 
WikiLeaks documents reveal more 9/11 suspects
Yemens leader says he wont stand for re-election or pass the presidency to his son
ElBaradei accuses Egyptian govt of scare tactics My fear is that it will turn into a bloodbath, he added, calling the pro-Mubarak demonstrators a bunch of thugs.
Raw Video: Dramatic New Images of Pro-Mubarak Thugs attacking Pro-Democracy protestors with camels and horses
Well, it is simple really.  The global elite install a new puppet that they control (such as ElBaradei), and then they get him to agree to huge new loans from the IMF or the World Bank to fix the broken Egyptian economy.
BAGHDAD  Security forces linked to Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki are operating a secret detention site and elite teams are torturing detainees at a separate facility, Human Rights Watch charged on Tuesday.
The cries of loathing for Mubarak are becoming familiar, the posters ever more intriguing. Neither Mubarak, nor Suleiman, and we dont need you Obama  but we dont dislike USA...
WikiLeaks nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
Egypt: Reporters Under Attack - Al Jazeera targeted specifically
	
	The Daily Dish | By Andrew Sullivan
Canadian Government to reverse CRTC decision on Internet billing. (UBB)
I dont know if this fits into r/worldnews, but it has to be seen by the world. Mubaraks security forces drive through the crowd
14 year old girl whipped to death by Islamic clerics
Fox News Team Severely Beaten in Cairo and Hospitalized. (Greg Palkot &amp; Olaf Wiig)
Mubarak supporters open fire at demonstrators in Cairo
| Reuters
One of our Web producers reports that almost everyone in the square seems injured, is bandaged and limping. The mood there is pretty fatalistic with the anti-government protesters certain that the pro-Mubarak forces are there to eliminate them.
More than 20,000 anti-government protesters have gathered in the Yemeni capital, Sanaa, for a day of rage against President Ali Abdullah Saleh.
A 14-year-old girl in Bangladesh, Hena Begum, died after allegedly being raped by her 40-year-old cousin and punished with a public lashing.
Danish cartoonists attacker guilty
Anderson Cooper of CNN Attacked in Cairo [HD]
Mohamed ElBaradei urges world leaders to abandon Hosni Mubarak 
Criminal acts by government-backed thugs and a regime killing its own people make negotiations impossible, says Nobel laureate
Video:  Egyptian protester killed by Mubaraks hired thugs.  DEAD MAN, very sad footage
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak says he would like to resign immediately but fears the country would descend into chaos if he did so
A revolution is coming - a revolution which will be peaceful if we are wise enough; compassionate if we care enough; successful if we are fortunate enough - but a revolution which is coming whether we will it or not. We can affect its character; we cannot alter its inevitability.
Call to free Al Jazeera journalists
It was vicious and ruthless, bloody and well planned, a final vindication of all Mubaraks critics and a shameful indictment of the Obamas and Clintons who failed to denounce this faithful ally of America and Israel.
Police open fire on Yemeni protesters
The British telecommunications company Vodafone is being accused of sending out text messages urging pro-Mubarak supporters to confront protesters
Gunmen open fire on protesters in Tahrir Square, People are too tired to be terrified
Immigration officer fired after putting wife on list of terrorists to stop her flying home 
Gunfire erupts in Cairos streets, Health Ministry reports injuries in the thousands as military intervenes
Egyptian Protest Helmets
Tens of thousands march against Yemens president
Rapid developments in Egypt: Omar Suleiman holds dialogue with opposition groups, Elbaradei refuses to participate until Mubarak goes. A retired Egyptian army general tells the BBC that the army is ready to intervene to protect protesters as early as tomorrow. 
Fidel Castro: Mubarak Is Finished - Mubaraks fate is sealed, not even the support of the United States will be able to save his government. 
Horrific video of 20+ Egyptian citizens being run over by a diplomatic vehicle in the streets of Cairo Jan 28.
Vodafone admits that the Egyptian government forced it to send text messages to help organize the Pro-Mubarak demonstrations
Demand Al Jazeera in the US!
One of my professors (Egyptian, and Egyptian History Expert) wrote this article detailing the situation there for outsiders. There seems to be a lot of you who would like to know more, so I hope this helps. (small .pdf warning)
First ever aerial footage of uncontacted Amazon tribe released
Egypts neighbors are getting nervous - Algerian government has agreed to end its 19-year state of emergency.
Mubaraks family has an estimated net worth of $50 - $70 BILLION dollars, a portion of which happens to have been invested in Vodafone.
Egypts final push protests begin as Protesters flood Tahrir Square, for Day of Departure: The feel here is that today is the final day for Mubarak, its time for him to go
WikiLeaks cables: Britain refused to speak with doomed British hostage
Remember when Vodafone handed the Egyptian government protesters data in 2009? They wont deny theyre doing it again right now.
Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard demonstrates misunderstanding of key issues concerning Mr Assange, the Australian citizen facing extradition proceedings, and the actions of WikiLeaks.
Somali man convicted of terrorism for breaking into the home of a Danish cartoonist who had caricatured the Prophet Muhammad, triggering violent protests across the Muslim world, has been sentenced to nine years in prison
TIL the pope cannot be an organ donor because he has saintly giblets: If papal organs were donated, they would become relics in other bodies if he were eventually made a saint.
Mubaraks Hired Thugs - Rural Poor Paid to Attack Opposition Supporters
Amid mass protests, Anonymous topples Egypt govt websites
Egyptian Protester: If we cant bring this to an end, were going to all be in the slammer by June.
Berlusconi calls Mubarak wise man, urges continuity
Chinese use honeytraps to spy on French companies, intelligence report claims
Human Rights Watch urges EU and United States to cut aid to the Palestinian Authority after security forces broke up up a pro-Egypt rally on the West Bank
Hosni Mubaraks net worth estimated at USD 40 to 70 Billion
Fidel Castro: Mubaraks fate is sealed
New anti-government protests in Albania
We all helped suppress the Egyptians. So how do we change?
The Obama administration is discussing with Egyptian officials a proposal for President Hosni Mubarak to resign immediately, turning over power to a transitional government headed by Vice President Omar Suleiman
Egyptian Population Density
Einstein was right - honey bee collapse threatens global food security  - Telegraph
California-based Boeing subsidiary, Narus, sells deep-packet inspection to Egypt to track social media use
Assange Extradition Trial Begins
Shocking videos emerge from Egypt showing civilians shot by snipers and police
The Netherlands has withdrawn its ambassador to Iran in protest of a Dutch-Iranian womans death at the hands of Iranian authorities. The move came amid revelations she may have died during torture.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange threatens to sue The Guardian newspaper for libel
Jerusalem council set to approve Jewish housing in Arab neighborhood - it will be necessary to evict a number of Palestinian families living on the site in order for construction to commence
Journalist shot and killed by police in Cairo
Talks fail to end Egypt protests - pro-democracy protests continue at Tahrir Square: This is not a revolution made by the parties. The parties have been there for 30 years and theyve done nothing. This is the peoples revolution.
In 2011, there are 100 uncontacted tribes worldwide
Leaked files show details of Julian Assange rape allegations 
ElBaradei: The Israelis Have A Peace Treaty With Mubarak, Not With The Egyptian People
REPORT: Mubarak To Leave Egypt, Go To Germany For Health Check And Hand Over Power
Leaked cables reveal anger at regime may make Libya the next Arab domino to fall.
BBC News - Rock guitarist Gary Moore dies at 58
South African President: When you vote for the ANC, you are also choosing to go to heaven. When you dont vote for the ANC you should know that you are choosing that man who carries a fork...
Irans Day of Rage - Green Movement leaders embarass Iranian regime by proposing demonstration in support of Egyptian and Tunisian revolts
Al Jazeera Hopes Reports From Egypt Open Doors in US
Perth surrounded by flames as fires rage out of control 
Jesus, the Economist gets it wrong AGAIN, saying Egypts situation affirms George Bushs Arab freedom agenda. Actually, a lot of Egyptians HATE the U.S. now because we supported Mubarak for so long, just like Saudis and Iranians hate us for supporting their past or current authoritarian regimes.
Tunisias former governing party is to be suspended and its offices closed, the interior ministry has announced.
Bashir accepts Sudan vote to secede
US envoys business link to Egyptian dictator Hosni Mubarak revealed
Egypt: Mubarak has changed his Facebook status to its complicated
Journalists leaving Egypt --  The atmosphere has been constantly worsening and journalists have become targets, a Finnish photographer said.
The Church of Scientology is Under Investigation for Slave Labor
Shocking Egypt images emerge - Middle East - Al Jazeera English
Louis Theroux: The Ultra Zionists
Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak may be the worlds richest man with an estimated fortune of $70 billion dollars, according to reports.
The Last POW - story of a Japanese man who has been in Soviet Union since he was captured during WWII.
Wikileaks Releases Cables On Egypt VP Omar Suleimans Connections With Israel
6000 Workers Sit In, As The First Suez Canal Strike Has Begun
Mass demonstrations continue in Cairo: The release of Wael Ghonim, a cyber activist and Google executive, rallied protesters in Cairo.
Syria set to remove firewall that bans Facebook and YouTube.
Sheik al-Torture is now a democrat
(Pepe Escobar) The Egyptian revolution is being dissolved right in front of the worlds eyes by an optical illusion...
52% of Americans have heard little or nothing about the demonstrations in Egypt.
Assange Extradition Trial  Day II |Live Updates|
Suspected U.S. spy drone crashes in Yemen; witnesses say al-Qaida carried wreckage away
Tony Blairs sister-in-law thinks Blair should be tried for war crimes.
Swedish PM slams Julian Assanges claims  --  I can only defend what everyone in Sweden already knows: that we have an independent, non-coerced judiciary.
Egyptian Ex-Interior Minister Habib el-Adly under investigation for masterminding Coptic church bombing on New Years Eve.
Egypts new VP Suleiman: The CIAs man in Cairo
Normally cited as an example of good governance, Sweden is now fending off attacks from Assanges lawyers who charge the country is pursuing their client at the behest of the US for leaking classified government and military documents.
Scientology fury at FBI probe
Al Jazeera English correspondent reports on his detention; military roughed up protesters whom they detained.
Wael Ghonim, one of the instigators of the Jan25 movement and a Google executive, gave his first interview last night after 12 days in detention. This writer calls it one of the most moving moments of television he has ever seen.
Violence against medical staff and increased levels of mental illness are taking a toll on Juarez...A gritty border town with about 1.3 million residents, Juarez is the most violent city in Mexico - with more than 3,100 murders in 2010.
Still No Water Or Electricity In Iraq 8 Years After Liberation By American Empire - It is a tragedy. Even during the Middle Ages, people were not living in this situation, said engineer Furat al-Janabi. 
Wael Ghonim DreamTV interview playlist - part 1 intro - parts 2+3 interview - subtitled (use CC)
Bloggers release reignites Egypt - Middle East - Al Jazeera English
The suffering of Southern Africa under AIDS in one figure
Anonymous sends an open letter to the UK government over the arrest of 5 of its members related to the DDoS attacks on Paypal et al.
Muslims return favor, join hands with Christian protesters for Mass in Cairos Tahrir Square
Cairo: Week 3, day 16, and with every passing hour, the regime digs in deeper
Three Christian churches in Indonesia destroyed by mob wanting stiffer penalty for Christian man given five year sentence for blasphemy against Islam.
The Governments Case Against Julian Assange Is Falling Apart
The US has called on the Egyptian government to lift its 30-year-old state of emergency immediately and calls comments by Egyptian Vice-President Omar Suleiman that the country was not ready for democracy particularly unhelpful.
Fiber-optic communications cable arrives in Cuba  promising a bandwidth bonanza for a country saddled with exorbitant telephone rates and among the slowest Internet connection speeds on the planet.
 Internet causes cancer - 
New ultra-Orthodox marketing campaign uses scare tactics to prevent community from Web surfing. Internet causes disease, adversity, 
North Korea walks out of talks (again)
The UNs food price index is at its highest point in over a decade, and Unilever warns that its going to get worse. 
An Israeli conspiracy that never existed - by Abdulateef Al-Mulhim, Commodore (Retd.), Royal Saudi Navy. 
Ex-WikiLeaker claims defectors took control of leaks from Assange
Investigate The Vatican - 
Fine expos of Scientology in New Yorker this week. But are Scientologys doctrines any crazier than those of Roman Catholicism? Is the Pope a better man than L. Ron Hubbard was? How about more investigating of the Vatican?
Protest in Egypt Takes a Turn as Workers Go on Strike 
Oil prices could spiral out of control by 2012, US fears.
Pirates seize Greek tanker carrying $200m of oil
Russia eliminates daylight saving time 
Protests in Egypt escalate: 
Thousand marched on parliament to demand its members resignation. 
Protest in Egypt Takes a Turn as Workers Go on Strike
Brutal Crackdown in Belarus
Mexico violence not an emergency, White House says. 
BBC News - Southern Sudan minister shot dead by ministry driver
South Sudan minister shot dead - Africa - Al Jazeera English
WikiLeaks: Suleiman told Israel he would cleanse Sinai of arms runners to Gaza
BREAKING NEWS: Mubarak will NOT step down. Will NOT bow to foreign pressure.
BREAKING: Mubarak steps down, military council to run Egypt
Muslim Brotherhood rejects Khamenei calls for Iran-style Islamic state 
Hosni Mubarak has announced he is stepping down as President and has transferred control of Egypts affairs to the high council of the armed forces.
French President says multiculturalism has failed
Names and faces of killed Egyptian protesters (crosspost from /r/Egypt)
Swiss freeze Mubarak assets
Someone seems to have hacked the site of the Cairo NDP, Hosni Mubaraks ruling party
With the economy projected to grow 3 percent this year, Icelands decision to let the banks fail is looking smart -- and may prove to be a model for others. 
Reports from Iran say several opposition activists have been arrested and international broadcasters are being jammed.
The International Monetary Fund issues report calling for replacement for the dollar as the worlds reserve currency.
Algeria prepares for day of protests: 
Pro-democracy alliance expected to defy ban on demonstrations. 
I think the Mubarak regime is trying to bait the crowd in Tahrir Square  --Fareed Zakaria
Many Egyptians are placing their trust in the army. But then theres blogger Kareem Amer, just released from prison after 3 days, who tells of the brutality and torture he witnessed there.
Tanks guarding the presidential palace in Cairo turned their turrets away from approaching demonstrators, eliciting a huge cheer from the crowd.
Witnesses: Egyptian army withdraws from positions near presidential palace ... the withdrawal of the troops could be a warning to the president that the army may not be able to protect him if protesters decided to march towards the palace
15 Egypt army officers join protesters
HOSNI MUBARAK HAS STEPPED DOWN!
Egypt: the wait [pics]
One of the most startling tales from the past few years of North Korean history concerned the Norths leader Kim Jong-il bringing in Italian pizza chefs while his people foraged for scraps of food 
Iran takes credit for the Egyptian revolution. Stay classy, Iran.
Protest leaders decide to head to Presidential Palace today. Also, more than 10,000 protesters surround Egypt State TV building
This is just the beginning:  protests continue to ripple across Mideast, North Africa
Mubarak assets frozen by Swiss government
Winners of the World Press Photo Contest 2011 [pics]
Japan suspends Antartic whaling - BBC
CBS News Lara Logan Assaulted During Egypt Protests
Mubarak ordered Tiananmen-style massacre of demonstrators, Army refused. Mubarak ordered the Egyptian Third Army to crush the demonstrators in Tahrir Square with their tanks. Fathers who had spent their lives serving the Egyptian army told their sons to disobey.
Will popular uprisings have the same effect on Qaddafi as they did on Mubarak? The mere fact that people are lifting up their heads in a brutal police state like Libya is an incredible testament to human courage. 
Violent protests break out in Libya
Kim Jong Il celebrates 69th birthday as North Koreans starve
CBS Reporter Lara Logan sexually assaulted by Egyptian mob
An Israeli General has taken credit for the Stuxnet virus attacks during his retirement party
China in push to develop thorium nuclear reactors
Japans whaling fleet gives up under the pressure of anti whaling boats in Antarctic waters.
As news of Logans assault in Egypt broke, the victim-blaming machine kicked in
Anti-government protests spread to Libya - demonstrators demand Libyan PMs resignation, but not Gadhafis.
Argentina Holds Confiscated U.S. Air Force Cargo
Middle East protests - Country by country
At least 211 killed in clashes in south Sudan
Iraq to slash politicians salaries amid protests - The new legislation will result in savings of at least $19 million annually, and will see Prime Minister Nuri al-Malikis salary cut by nearly two-thirds, cabinet secretary general Ali al-Alaak told AFP.
Libya day of rage planned on 17th Feb with a rap protest video to get protestors out
Berlusconi knew girl was underage, had sex with her anyway
Most civilian aid for Afghanistan lost | Up to 80 per cent of international help to Afghanistan is lost to international and local corruption schemes, insists Pino Arlacchi, Italian Member of the European Parliament and the former UN anti-drug and crime chief.
CNN: Remarkable display of bravery in Iran, 
Brutality and hypocrisy by the regime Feb 15, 2011
Bahrain protesters keep up pressure
Israel says Iran warships to transit Suez for Syria
Iran protesters death hijacked by regime
Saane Zhaleh, who was killed in clashes between protesters and security forces, is being falsely described as a pro-government militia member, according to his family
2  agents with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) were attacked Tuesday afternoon while driving between Mexico City and Monterrey1 dead 1 wounded 
Stop blaming Italians for Berlusconi: Its not voters admiration for a Casanova prime minister that keeps Berlusconi in power  its his control of the media
In a dramatic departure from longstanding policy, the United States intends to support a United Nations Security Council resolutions censuring Israel for building settlements in Palestinian territory.
Killing two people and injuring many, Bahrain police carry out a surprise, nighttime attack on square where protesters camp out.
A loosely organised group of hackers has been targeting oppressive regimes and has said this is just the beginning.
An unprecedented cyber attack on the Canadian government from China has given foreign hackers access to highly classified federal information.
Libya murdered 16 protesters
Belgians mark no-government world record with nude protests, free beer and chips
Belgiums 250 days without a national government, a world record previously held by Iraq
If you live in a democracy, and dont have freedom of information, its not a democracy. And people have to understand that if you dont have freedom of information online, its not going to be offline, either. 
Protests banned in Bahrain
A map of world alcohol consumption
British forests saved after huge backlash from public
Update: Bahrain protesters violently dispersed from the center square.
As long as they (Iranians) are not conducting some sort of belligerent operation I think they would have a right to go through the canal like any other country, said James Kraska, professor of international law at the US Naval War College.
Only nine percent of investigations into Israeli citizen violence against Palestinians and their property result in indictments.
Argentina is accusing the US military of attempting to smuggle arms, drugs and spy equipment into the country under the pretext of a police training course.
Why Are Food Prices Going Crazy?
The authorities in Egypt have arrested three ex-ministers for corruption
Bloody crackdown in Bahrain: Four killed as police raid Tahrir-style protest in capital.
Riot police in Bahrain sweep in on sleeping protesters with tear gas in attempt to clear a main square.
Baghdad wants U.S. to pay $1 billion for damage to city
The former Egyptian interior minister has been arrested for corruption, he is widely blamed for the brutality used by riot police during recent protests
This is cloak and dagger stuff: an American employed by US Embassy in Lahore shoots two Pakistani citizens.
Bahrain: terror as protesters shot. Live updates
Our attention spans are too short, scope too small... any follow up on whats happening in Cote dIvoire? 
In sharp reversal, U.S. agrees to rebuke Israel in Security Council - By Colum Lynch | Turtle Bay
Senior officers in Irans Revolutionary Guards have written a letter to their commanding officer demanding assurances that they will not be required to open fire on anti-government demonstrators. 
Egyptian flock to buy previously banned books
Bahrain Forces open on hundreds of mourners, sending people running away in panic amid the boom of concussion grenades (!)
We are calling for help. We are calling for all the countries in the world. We call for help here in Bahrain.
Thug Life - 
Think Mubarak was bad? Kosovos leaders are accused of being organ-smuggling, drug-dealing goons -- and the West is looking the other way.
Google Inc. Chief Executive Eric Schmidt said the company was very proud of employee Wael Ghonim, a leader in the antigovernment protests that toppled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak last week.
Yemen holds Friday of Fury as thousands of demonstrators mass in cities across the country
Secret plan to destroy WikiLeaks revealed
Group plans to beam free Internet across the globe from space.
Glenn Greenwald: US Justice v World 
Libya now blocking internet access amidst revolts and protests
German Defense minister relinquishes Ph.D. over plagiarism charges
Fresh protests hit Iraqi cities: Thousands turn out across country, demanding better service delivery and jobs from government.
Why Germany Must End its Deployment in Afghanistan - The war in Afghanistan is based on four lies, including the premise that NATO allies are there to fight international terrorism, writes conservative ex-parliamentarian Jrgen Todenhfer.
Bahrainis anger turns on US-backed royal family - Thousands of mourners called for the downfall of Bahrains ruling monarchy as burials began Friday after a deadly assault on pro-reform protesters that has brought army tanks into the streets of one of the most strategic Western allies in the Gulf.
Iranian lawmakersincluding former supportershave moved to impeach President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad for law violations that could land him in prison.
Soldiers fire on protestors in Bahrain crackdown. 
Deadly Attacks Against Protesters in Bahrain [pics]
Hilary Clinton chides Israels settlements as illegitimate while in the same breath, the US vetoes a UN resolution on condemning those same settlements as illegal. 14 to 1 against
Egytian Military practicing the same injustices that Mubarak was ousted for?  Three innocent protesters arrested and detained (among hundreds of others).  They were beaten, whipped, exposed to electric shocks and suspended from the door frames of their cells.
Helen Thomas: Jews didnt have to leave Europe following Holocaust
Bahrain troops and helicopters open deadly fire on hundreds of fleeing funeral mourners and journalists amid the boom of concussion grenades
Scenes from Hospital in Bahrain difficult to watch
An inside look into the growing protests in Bahrain. What the US, Israel and Al-Qaeda has to do with it.
Another Arab country erupts in protest: Djibouti: Thousands protests calling for the President to step down 
protests spread to North Korea
Merkel rebukes Israeli PM Netanyahu for failing to advance peace. You havent made a single step
Vatican: Priests in 23 countries have been sexually abusing and raping nuns for years
South Korea drops leaflets into North about democracy protests in Egypt, Libya &amp; the Middle East.
Al-Jazeera in Talks With Comcast Over U.S. Distribution
South Koreas Internet To Be 200 Times Faster Than In U.S.
All diplomats at the Libyan embassy in New Delhi have now defected. Not just the ambassador but the entire embassy Al Jazeera has learned. This is an excerpt of the press release sent to Al Jazeera.
South Korea floods North Korea with balloons telling them of Middle East protests
Saudi youths call for rally in Jeddah - A group calling itself Jeddah Youth for Change has distributed printed statements, calling on the people to join a demonstration near al-Beia Square in Jeddah on Friday.
Holy shit. This is what revolution and conflict sounds like. NPR talking with a man on via phone as you can hear the army attack a square full of protesters. Protesters are able to fight them off and commandeer a tank. 
Protesters set fire to Gaddafi family palace
A Day in High School Hell - Diary of a Chinese Student
100,000 people pack Tunis to demand Prime Minister Ghannouchi step down
45 Zimbabweans arrested and charged with treason for watching a video of the Egyptian revolution
Taliban walk into Afghan bank and massacre scores of customers (Video)
Egypt: Thank You World Media!
S.Korea drops leaflets into North about Egypt, Libya
No to Military Intervention in Libya - We should not repeat the mistake of Iraq. The United States -- or Europe -- should not send troops to Libya...
Raymond Davis, the American spook arrested for murdering two people in Pakistan, may have been the acting head of CIA there
Ugh...More Libyan bloodshed could prompt U.S., NATO intervention
The New Libyan Army as the rebels are calling themselves, are planning for a major offensive to liberate Tripoli from Gadhafi!
BAGHDAD  Demonstrations turned violent across Iraq on Friday, as protesters burned buildings and security forces fired on the crowds.
Why N.Koreans Are Starving
Mercenaries gather in Tripoli for final battle
Helium balloons to be floated to North Korea will carry propaganda leaflets with news of the popular uprisings sweeping the Middle East
African mercenaries hired by the Gaddafi regime to kill Libyan protesters would be immune from prosecution for war crimes due to a clause in this weekends UN resolution that was demanded by US
Wikileaks goes after the Saudi royal family - Besides the huge monthly stipends that every Saudi royal receives, the cables detail various money-making schemes some royals have used to finance their lavish lifestyles over the years.
World wide peaceful protest against the banking/corporate elite and what they are doing to us and our planet. April 15-17. Lets make this big!!!
Reddit, theres a group of young men and women trying to bring an end to one of Africas tyrannical regimes and they could use your help. Sudanese forces are beating and imprisoning peaceful protesters demanding fair elections, fair wages and an end to corruption and injustice. 
CIA operative in Pakistan a terrorist organizer and recruiter: Does this surprise anyone?
[NSFL - graphic content] Motorist mows down dozens of cyclists at high speed in Porto Algere Brasil (Feb 25 2011)
Silvio Berlusconi sex case witness has car torched
Men Found Buried Alive At Gaddafi Compound 
Iran has arrested opposition leaders Mirhossein Mousavi and Mehdi Karoubi, the opposition website Kaleme said on Monday. 
Sources say that they have been arrested and transferred to Heshmatiyeh jail in Tehran,
Libyan Soldier Kills Battalion Commander
Libya Photos: Inside a  Modern War Room
African Dictator son orders Yacht worth $380 Million: His timing couldnt be worse. Popular uprisings in the middle east may spread to other countries!
Fidel Castro expected to step down as Cuba party chief 
Rebel army may be formed as Tripoli fails to oust Gaddafi
Gaddafi says all my people love me
A Facebook page calls for mass protests in Syria to oust President Bashar al-Assad
Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan urges Turks not to Assimilate into German society
Foreign journalists roughed up in China. Why is this not getting more attention?
Robert Mugabe ready to offer Gaddafi asylum. This comes just days after 46 people in Zimbabwe were arrested for watching videos of the Egyptian protests. Reedit, what can we possibly do about these assholes?
Kenya, Ethiopia may attack al Shabaab
British contractor in Iraq gets 20 years for 2 killings.
Chinas latest Five Yr Plan calls for creating self-sustaining growth based on domestic consumption and reducing Chinas reliance on exports
Muslims and Christians Work Together in a New Egypt
BUSTED: Notorious Nepalese Rhino Poaching Syndicate Shall Kill No More!
Argentinas ex-military leaders tried over baby thefts from political prisoners
The problem with Google Earth: people will get mad when they see the scale of your huge palace next to insanely crowded slums. Just ask the King of Bahrain...
My father recieved Non Hodgkins Lymphona cancer after serving in the Bosnian war, and now after 25+ years peacekeeping for his country they deny him a pension. Please help get the word out, VAC is taking my dads last days away from him.
(chronicle herald article included) 
Libyas Bankers Exposed: Goldman, JP Morgan And Citi
A summary of what WikiLeaks has uncovered so far. Staggering.
Pakistani Minister for Minority Affairs Assassinated 
Veteran Israeli diplomat resigns in protest to Israeli foreign policy: blaming global anti-Israeli occupation views on anti-Semitism is simplistic and artificial
Democracy Virus Has Dictators Fretting: First it was Ben Ali in Tunisia, then Mubarak in Egypt. Now Libyas Gadhafi is under pressure. From Cuba to China, dictators are watching events in the Arab world with alarm, with full knowledge that ideas are spreading to their populations via the Internet
Bank of England governor blames spending cuts on bank bailouts. The price of this financial crisis is being borne by people who absolutely did not cause it
China wants ALL trades settled in Yuan.  Does not 
hide intention to challenge other reserve currencies 
(namely the Dollar).
Zimbabwean army helping Gaddafi in Libya 
Two shot dead at Frankfurt Airport - a bus at Terminal 2 used by the US military was targeted. The bus driver and one US soldier are thought to have been killed in the shooting.
TIL that youre not allowed to broadcast false or misleading news in Canada.  I also learned that some people want to change this.
Im not even religious, but God speed you tough bastards.
Violent suppression of protest at Torontos G20 - CBC documentary [video]
Canada sends warship to Libya
Gorbachev tells Putin not to run for president - He said the vertical of power that the Kremlin has built to oversee the countrys politics and economics has rotted to its core and issued a direct challenge to the countrys de-facto leader, Putin, to step aside.
Zimbabwe: More Activists Arrested As Mugabe Hits Panic Button
US soldiers shot and killed at German airport
Declaration Of Cyber-War - 
Intimate history of Stuxnet computer virus, apparently designed to paralyse Iranian nuclear centrifuges. Does excellent job of explaining with minimal jargon why this virus was so innovative, complex, devastating
SAS Ready To Seize Col Gaddafis Stores Of Mustard Gas 
Can you guess the most censored countries? 
UPDATE: Sudan youth group calls for mass demonstrations on March 21st; Members of ruling party already urging Bashir to bring about immediate reforms. [xpost /r/Sudan]
Social networking causes problematically-large street parties in Brazil
UN suspends Libya from Human Rights Council - Libya has become the first country to be suspended from the UN Human Rights Council, after the rest of the world condemned the Gaddafi regimes gross and systematic violations of the rights of its people.
German unemployment down to 7.9%
Can we stop referring to whats happening in Libya as a protest?  We have armed rebel forces engaging in guerilla combat with bazookas and heavy artillery, taking and losing cities.  This is officially a civil war.
The Ivory Coast president, Laurent Gbagbo, has cut off electricity and water supplies to millions of people in the north of the country for political reasons, the UN has said.
CNN Anchor Interviews Al Jazeera Anchor Who Interviewed Libyan Rebels
Reports that Egypts military junta is already handing out jail sentences to activists
Bradley Manning, accused Wikileaks source, may face Death penalty
N Korea threatens war over leaflets
New Activist-Recommended Prime Minister Appointed Today in Egypt! First we ousted Mubarak. Second, we got rid of Shafiq. We have become again the owners of this country, said Bassem Kamel, a member of the Youth Coalition, an umbrella group of activists who launched the protests Jan. 25. 
Anons, Simply Wake Up on March 9th and know, the world is one...wake up look to the east and the rising sun.
Rupert Murdoch given approval to buy pretty much all UK satellite TV.  Coming soon: Fox News, UK Division!  
Complete List Of Which EU Countries Sold Weapons To Libya 
Everyone enjoys a righteous uprising like the ones now tearing across the Middle East. But even while we might be rooting for the anti-government protesters, whenever we fill up the gas tank were reminded that. like it or not, our own welfare is inextricably tied to those embattled despots.
Rupert Murdochs global empire (infographic)
Nine Afghan Boys Collecting Firewood Killed by NATO Helicopters
Global food prices hit record high - Europe - Al Jazeera English
Pakistan: Court Rules CIA Killer Raymond Davis Has No Immunity -  Thursdays decision is at least a temporary blow to the US, which insists Davis was considered a diplomat and was acting in self-defence against the dead men, whom he called robbers.
China Adds New Limits on Foreigners
Gaddafi ACCEPTS Peace Plan Proposed By Chavez
Saudi Arabia: Early stirring of revolt
Killing over blasphemy law deepens misery of Pakistani Christians
Three Dutch soldiers captured in Libya while evacuating westeners
Is Syria the Next Domino? - Until now, Syrias rulers have relied on their anti-Israel, anti-Western rhetoric to protect themselves. In the last few years, when Israeli planes struck targets in Syria, there was no answer from the regime even when Israeli planes flew over the presidential palace.
Chicas Kalshnikov - 
Interviews with women who work as killers for Mexican drug cartels. Yaretzi was on her twenty-sixth murder, but she was arrested with two AK-47s before she could complete the job. That is why we are here, on the prison patio
Opposition Carries on Fight against Gadhafi: If the Americans Come, They Would Steal our Revolution
UN inspectors attacked as Ivory Coast heads towards civil war
[LIBYA]Battle for Brega
BitTorrent User uses $4 Seedbox and Saves 172 BBC Websites From Extinction to expose the cost savings of this proposed exercise as nothing more than a charade to appease the detractors to a strong BBC and to curry favour with the David Cameron government.
Wikileaks cables leaked information regarding global food policy as it relates to U.S. officials  in the highest levels of government  that involves a conspiracy with Monsanto to force the global sale and use of genetically-modified foods.
Israeli Defense Minister: Israel may ask US for additional $20 billion in military aid in response to Arab pro-democracy upheavals
Gaddafi deploys tanks and hundreds of troops in all-out effort to take Zawiyah
19 yr old Montreal Graffiti artist brutally attacked &amp; killed by a couple of teens angry that he was covering their graffiti with his - One of the teens was sentenced today - 3 years max!
Gaddafis wife owns some 20 tons of gold, which would make her worth around $1 Billion 
Should individuals have a right to be forgotten? A doctor in Spain botched a surgery 20 years ago, now he wants the newspaper article purged from Google claiming its personal information [article pasted in comments]
Yemeni army fires at student protesters
International womens day in Cairo: Protesting women harassed, attacked, and reports of shots fired
Ivory Coast Woman Protesters massacred by Presidents henchmen (warning Graphic)
Anonymous hackers vow to avenge accused WikiLeaks source Army pfc. Bradley Manning from jail abuse
The revolutionaries in Libya have their website
Rebels demand Gaddafi step down within 72 hour and stops all bombings and rebels appeal for help from the world pleading for a no fly zone
Gaddafi wanted guarantees of personal safety for him and his family and a pledge that they not be put on trial. The offer was rejected because it would have amounted to an honorable exit for Gaddafi and would offend his victims.
Whites only nightclubs in Warsaw? - Three out of eight nightclubs tested for racial discrimination in Warsaw at the weekend refused entry to black people, a report by the Institute of Public Affairs reveals.
Corrective Rape: Fighting a South African Scourge
Pakistani authorities have released details of a letter threatening all who support repeal of Pakistans blasphemy law.
The note was found along side the body of Shabaz Bhatti, the Christian minister of minorities following his assassination this week.
Libyan revolutionaries speak out: The Wests war machine wont help us win
The Penny Has Dropped - Israelis must find it hard to accept that their state is one of the least popular countries in the world. (BBC Global Poll: 21% have a positive opinion)
The myth of a free market
Why is this not covered by US news?
US group fights ban on Israel war crime bus ads
Lukashenkos dictatorship frontpage on the Independent
Tuareg blue warriors arrive to boost Gaddafi loyalist force
Egyptian Romeo and Juliet lead to deadly clashes and a church burning - The violence was triggered by a feud between two families, which disapproved of a romantic relationship between a Christian man and a Muslim woman
Dont Dismiss a Jasmine Moment in China: The Chinese government is taking the possibility of pro-democracy protests seriously--and thats what activists want
Massive 7.9 earthquake in northeastern Japan. Someone post links please? Many domestic sites are crashing. Tsunami warning for Sendai.
Danish artist Nadia Plesner paints an African child holding a bag and a chihuahua, resembling Paris Hilton. Louis Vuitton sues her and wins in court. 
Video of tsunami hitting japan. Devastating.
Putin proposes scrapping visas between Russia, US
Stunning Photos of Japans earthquake and Tsunami (19 images)
Magnitude 8.8 quake near the east coast of Honshu, Japan
Japan earthquake shifted Earths axis by 10cm (about 4 inches)
Why is it being described as a civil war when people are united, and the government and its hired forces are killing us?
Google releases japan earthquake person finder to help find loved ones affected by the qake
The containment building at Fukushima Unit 1 is overpressurized with radioactive steam and will be vented to atmosphere.
Indonesia volcano erupts
New Scientist: Japans quake updated to magnitude 9.0
The earths axis has reportedly shifted 10 inches as a result of the earthquake. The force was so strong that it moved the island of Honshu 8 feet to the east  USGS geophysicist Ken Hundnut said.
Entire Japanese City On Fire After Earthquake: The city of Kesennuma in northern Japan is completely engulfed in flames following the biggest earthquake in the country on record.
Impressive video of the tsunami in Tokio after the 8.9 earthquake
A truly brave Cameraman films the intense fighting in Misratah, Libya on the 10th March
Judge orders Twitter to give up data on Wikileaks
Raw Video: Tsunami Slams Northeast Japan [VID]
4.5 Earthquake just hit Hawaii
Japan declares nuclear emergency after quake
Japans 8.9 magnitude earthquake triggers tsunami: TV pics show vast wall of water carrying debris and even fires across a large swathe of coastal farmland near Japanese city of Sendai, with a population of 1 million
Huge whirlpool created after Japan quake [video]
REPORT: 88,000 People Are Missing In Japan
Reports now indicate cooling system has failed at Fukushima No. 2 Plant; temperature of coolant water has topped 100 C
Amazing photos from Libya as rebels flee Ras Lanouf (pics)
Raw video of an unarmed protester co-operating with riot police in Bahrain shot in the chest and head (NSFW). Need to spread the word.
Britain, France and US line up for airstrikes against Gaddafi: Security council expected to pass resolution calling for states to protect Libyan civilians
Julian Assange warned privately by Australian 
intelligence official about dirty tricks from the US 
intelligence community, including the possibility of 
sexual entrapment.
Quebec Bans Fracking For Oil/Gas
For me, this really hit home. I cried.
Obama administration will seek UN approval for air strikes on Libyan military targets seeking to create no-fly and no-drive zones
Riots across Pakistan after double murder-accused CIA agent Raymond Davis buys freedom
Modern day hero: This guy decided not to wait for rescue workers. With a scuba suit on, he waded through flooded streets of Japn to rescue his wife, and later his mother. He continues to look for more survivors.
Security council Passes No Fly Zone resolution
1st person view of the tsunami in Japan. I saw other angles, but this is unbelievable...
Canada - In a historic move, opposition MPs on a House of Commons committee have produced a draft report declaring the Harper government in contempt of Parliament.
REBELS ARE CARRYING OUT MASSACRES AGAINST BLACK LIBYANS: We had 70 or 80 people from Chad working for our company. They cut them dead with pruning shears and axes, attacking them, saying youre providing troops for Gadhafi. The Sudanese, the Chadians were massacred. We saw it ourselves.
Gaddafi says he will attack civilian and military targets in the Mediterranean if there is any foreign military action against Libya.
Helicopters Dropping Water On Reactor 3
UN authorises no-fly zone over Libya
The Air Forces super-stealthy F-22 Raptor fighters likely would see their first combat action if a no-fly zone is set up by the U.S. and its allies over Libya, a senior defense official [Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Norton Schwartz] said Thursday [17 March 2011]. 
Problems with Transparency: EU eyes a halt to SWIFT data sharing with US
Japan tsunami as seen from inside a car hit by the wave
Israeli spy ring uncovered by Egyptian authorities.
Searching for survivors in Otsuchi, Japan on March 15, 2011. Photo credit: REUTERS/Aly Song
Hillary Clinton said Bahrain and Saudi Arabia were on the wrong track and demanded that Bahrain show restraint with demonstrators and keep hospitals open
Bahrain police killing people by drive by shootings. (video)
Riots in Pakistan after double murder-accused Davis buys freedom
Kentucky woman arrested for Bosnian war crimes; accused of torturing and murdering ethnic Serbs at prison camps
A Tibetan monk in western China set himself on fire in an anti-government protest, then was beaten and kicked by police, prompting hundreds of monks and others to rally.
Libya Calls Immediate Ceasefire
Power cable reaches Japan nuclear plant
Gaddafi is a liar and ceasefire a sham as Misurata attacked
GOOD NEWS FROM JAPAN: Tokyo Electric Power Co has connected the external transmission line with the stricken Daiichi nuclear power plant and confirmed that electricity can be supplied
At least 5 of the 50 heroes working at the japanese reactors are already dead, with half the others seriously injured...
Saudi Arabias King Abdullah attempts to prevent protests, gives $66.7 billion to build 500,000 housing units and $4.3 billion for more hospitals; also gives another two months wages for all govt workers and two extra payments for university students, raises minimum wage, gives more to unemployed
Sandra Bullock donates $1 million for Japan relief
UN passes resolution for intervention in Libya. 10 in favor, none against, five abstain.
Japan: One week later [pics]
Resilient Japan: An 8.9 earthquake, a 33-foot tsunami, crises at their battered nuclear plants - the people of Japan have withstood the last week with admirable tenacity
The Saudi King Just Unveiled A Big List Of Bribes So That His Citizens Dont Revolt
Bahrain police shooting at independent cameraman filming
Japanese workers successfully connect power cable to crippled reactor
Fukushima nuclear alert level raised to 5
Wall Street Journal: Egypt is arming Libya rebels
China shutters 130,000 Internet cafes as part of its ongoing efforts to control how citizens access the Internet and what content will be available to them.
Prime Minister David Cameron has announced that British Tornado and Typhoon aircraft are being deployed immediately to enforce a United Nations no-fly zone in Libya.
Gaddafis forces still shelling cities. Ceasefire seems to be only words..
Japan crisis is much worse than Three Mile Island 
U.S. Drone Attacks Resume in Pakistan After Acquittal of CIA Operative Raymond Davis for Double-Murder. This is like something out of really bad movie.
Military strikes on Libya within hours: France
Syria is Officially in full Revolution mode - March 18 - The regime most capable of matching Gdogs brutality
Driver videos the moment the Tsunami engulfed his car 
Tokyo passengers set off radiation detectors at OHare
Gaddafi says he will retaliate against foreign military intervention with attacks on passenger airplanes
War On Drugs has failed and should be abandoned 
in favour of evidence-based policies - former heads 
of MI5, CPS, BBC
Per terrawatt/hour of energy generated, coal kills 161 people - compared to 0.04 deaths from nuclear
Fukushimas 2 reactors under control after cooling functions restored
Yemens Military Joins Protesters after Friday Violence - President Saleh now Stands Alone
Japan quake death toll passes 18,000 
Worth Mentioning: France/President Sarkozy spearheaded the UN resolution for the no fly zone, and were among the first to ready their planes. Total, the petrol company is French. Heres a wikileaks cable from 2009 about Total and Libya
Pictures of the allied bombs destroying Qaddafis forces
Japanese fury at sensationalist foreign reporting of earthquake
Private security firm in UK given police powers
Google says China deliberately disrupted e-mail service to thwart internet campaign for mid-east style protests in China
Japan: The floodgate that didnt work to stop the tsunami [Video]
Guatemalan president and wife divorce so that she can run for president.
More than 8,000 Libyans killed in revolt: rebel spokesman
Artillery Shell lands next to Civilian Crowd in Misrata Mar 21 - Regime claims ZERO civi casualties in western Libya
Smoke Rising from Fukushima Reactors 2 and 3 (again) - Workers Evacuated Pending Evaluation
Yemen President Fires Entire Cabinet: ...now entering into some form of an end game.
Double standard seen in Arab response to Libya
Egyptians approve constitutional changes, paving way to new elections 
A nuclear industry whistleblower who helped design protective containment vessels for reactors has attacked the Japanese government, its nuclear industry and regulators over their safety record.
When the massive tsunami smacked into Fukushima Daiichi, the nuclear power plant was stacked high with more uranium than it was originally designed to hold
Robert Gates, the US defence secretary, has said it would be unwise to have coalition forces try to kill Col Muammar Gaddafi in military strikes in Libya
Abu Ghraib 2: New photos show US soldiers posing with dead body in Afghanistan
Top Yemeni General announces he is joining the protests: major blow for the regime.
WikiLeaks cable links defecting Yemeni general to smuggling rackets
Illegal Israeli settlers stab Palestinian in occupied West Bank
Israel passes new Nakba Law to punish public institutions for any reference to the Israeli occupation of Palestine in 1948 as a catastrophe or Nakba
Japanese man dons scuba suit and swims through tsunami to rescue wife
Women not allowed to vote in Saudi elections
Gaddafis air force defeated - BBC
WikiLeaks: How the Organization of the Islamic Conference took over the UN Human Rights Council
Syrian forces raid mosque and open fire on protesters, kill 6 people
First photos of so-called Fukushima Fifty the crew working around the clock to prevent a meltdown 
Portuguese Prime Minister Resigns
Neutron beam observed 13 times at crippled Fukushima nuke plant -- so it means chain reaction was observed?
That news about the 6 Libyan villagers shot during the rescue of the downed US pilots? Confirmed by the BBC and witnesses. FWIW Channel 4 News is a highly credible source and has been for decades.
There is a small war starting along Gaza border
Bahrain protest crackdown defended by European Union envoy 
EU foreign policy adviser Robert Cooper downplays violence against pro-democracy protesters saying accidents happen  Hypocrite much?
Canadians Protest in Ottawa Demanding Immediate Actions Against The Violation of Human Rights in Bahrain
The Path of Protest: Ever since a man in Tunisia burnt himself to death in December 2010 in protest at his treatment by police, pro-democracy rebellions have erupted across the Arab world.
Germany weaning itself from nuclear power for good in the wake of Japans disaster
Syrian forces open fire on protesters
Japans Quake Damage May Swell to $309 Billion, Four Katrinas
LIBYA: Libya Rebels give Gadhafi supporters 24 hours to hand over weapons. Homes were raided, neighbors dragged off, suspects executed. They were accused of being reactivated by Gadhafi, like al-Qaida activates sleeper cells.
Massacre in Daraa,Syria unknown number dead
Following the Libyan money trail, they expected millions but found billions
New law: Cambodian women cant marry broke, older men - A foreign ministry officials explains the government wants to stamp out fake marriages and human trafficking and cites cases of Cambodian women used as slaves abroad.
A Neo-Nazi from Victoria has been working as a private military contractor in Afghanistan.
As Ivory Coast heads for civil war, thousands seek safety in Liberia.
Tokyo water supply deemed unsafe for consumption by children after radioactive iodine exceeds limits
Protesters in front of the Saudi Embassy in Ottawa demanding it halts the killing of the innocent including children, nurses, and doctors, and demanding it to leave Bahrain. (2nd Video)
7.0 Earthquake Hits Burma
25 dead in Syria and rising rapidly - government has declared war, killing protesters INDISCRIMINATELY
N.Koreas Kim Jong-il sends $500,000 to quake-hit Japan
European governments  including Britain and France  sold Libya more than $470 million worth of weapons [in 2009], including fighter jets, guns and bombs ... the Obama administration was working to provide the Libyan dictator another $77 million in weapons
Egyptian women protesters detained, tortured, forced to take virginity tests.
Fukushima workers in hospital after radiation exposure
Libyan rebels in Benghazi said they have created a new oil company to replace the national oil corporation 
Iran hackers compromise partner account at SSL certificate company and obtain fraudulent SSL certificates for Skype, Gmail, Hotmail, and Yahoo e-mail servers (among others); likely so they can spy on their own citizens
Libyan army in possession of  one of the most lethal anti-aircraft weapons available. Where did they come from?
Ivory Coast wonders: Wheres our UN intervention?
Fukushima Engineer Says He Covered Up Flaw at Shut Reactor No. 4
Massive Earthquake Strikes Thailand
A new, much-dreaded, short-range anti-aircraft missile made in Russia has turned up in the hands of Libyan government forces.
Unfortunately, Japans nuclear crisis is far from over. Salt accumulation, cover-ups, destroyed piping, spent-fuel fires, rising temps &amp; radiation.
African states call for tougher action on Ivory Coast from UN: 500,000 already forced from their homes
Wikileaks: US diplomatic cables suggested Canadian TV seeks to twist current events to feed long-standing negative images of the US. Not really, say Canadian producers and officials 
Swiss President Micheline Calmy-Rey has announced her country is developing a project to open up all crossings to the Gaza Strip, which has been suffocating for the last five years from an Israeli blockade.
Human rights groups say that more than 100 people may have been killed when troops opened fire on a mosque in Syria
Libyan Government takes reporters to find a house hit by Western air strikes and then they get lost
Nato takes over Libya no-fly zone
RSA SecurID Tokens Hacked, Australian Companies Vulnerable
French warplanes have shot down a Libyan plane in the first incident of its kind since enforcement of the UN no-fly zone began
Syria at flashpoint, activists use social media to call for Friday protests; move comes after security forces stormed a mosque in Daraa town that left many dead
UAE: Dubai police have seized 16,000 Turkish-made pistols hidden in a sea cargo shipment bound for Yemen
Airstrikes fail to deter Gaddafi forces: Residents say forces loyal to the Libyan leader shell area near Misurata hospital as explosions are heard in Tripoli
A serious leak of classified information has just taken place - senior Gadhafi aide was told to take bodies from a morgue and place them at the scene of the bomb damage. Will Eric Holder announce investigation to find out who is responsible for this leak?
Canadian Government expected to fall Friday 
France court finds Monsanto falsely advertised Roundup as being biodegradable and that it left the soil clean.
Video of police shooting a 14-year-old boy several times comes to light.
We will be one of the strongest economies in the world - Swedish historian proposes full federal union of Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland and Iceland by 2030. Such a union would number 25 million and have a GDP similar to that of Spain and India.
Germany abolishes military conscription
Tanker Breaks in Half on Rocks at Nightingale Island, 20,000 endangered Rockhopper Penguins may be oil-coated, and rats onboard have infested the formerly rodent-free island, which may be more damaging than the oil for the Penguins. 
Egyptian decree bans strikes and protests, showing the real character of the military regime that now controls Egypt. 
Germanys highest civil court ruled that Deutsche Bank should have warned its customers of the risks of an exotic investment product it sold in the run-up to the financial crisis!
Nothing to see here -  Possible Reactor Core Leak in Fukushima 
Possible breach of the No. 3 containment reactor vessel at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. This is the one with the plutonium fuel rods.
As many as 1,000 bodies being removed from a mass grave in Zimbabwe - likely victims of waves of political violence that have wracked the country since 2000
Fukushima plants have 10X the nuclear fuel that Chernobyl had, and fallout is reaching similar levels seen in the 1986 disaster.
Another Gurkha gets a medal - single-handedly fought off at least a dozen Taliban
Scientists plan to drill all the way down to the Earths mantle
Canadas Harper government has toppled
Syria ready to explode as desperation grows
Comodo on Certificate Authority attack: ...All of the above leads us to one conclusion only: that this was likely to be a state-driven attack
Brazil towns Nazi twin mystery solved
Japanese nuclear safety officials said Friday that they suspect that the reactor core at one unit of the troubled Fukushima nuclear power plant may have breached
U.A.E. Commits Planes to Enforcing Libya No-Fly Zone
Africans want UN to act in Ivory Coast
Amnesty International: At least 55 protesters believed to have been killed in Syria
Documents show that Jamal the son of  deposed Mubarak ordered  Sharm El Shiek bombing and the gas pipeline
Video footage of five Brazilian police officers shooting a teenage boy at point blank range has emerged
Australian woman sues a five-star hotel in the United Arab Emirates after she was drugged and raped by co-workers and jailed for eight months for adultery
Israel threatens to take action if UN recognizes Palestinian statehood
Syrias Government Has Resigned
Russia Eliminates Daylight Saving Time.
A little English village church has just made a remarkable discovery. The ornate old Bible that had been sitting in plain view on a table near the last row of pews for longer than anyone could remember is an original King James Bible - one of perhaps 200 surviving 400-year-old original editions...
Japan on Maximum nuclear alert
Bolivian President Evo Morales is on a mission to legalize coca leaves, which has legitimate uses aside from being turned into cocaine
Dutch bankers bonuses axed by people power
EU to ban cars from cities by 2050
North Korea asks South Korea for help on a possible volcano eruption.
Egyptian Cabinet passes a law criminalizing protests 4 days after a protest invoked constitutional referendum passed.
British government finally apologises for a soldier who shot a 12-year-old girl in the back as she walked to church. Soldier not jailed.
Wikileaks: A pink box found at one of the 26/11 Mumbai attack sites that India would not give to FBI 
Libyan Rape Victim Still Being Held In Gadhafi Compound
French Constitutional Council Validates Internet Censorship
Pakistans secret dirty war. Mutilated corpses bearing the signs of torture keep turning up, among them lawyers, students and farm workers
Syrian government resigns amid unrest, announces that emergency law and restrictions on civil liberties will be overturned
WSJ.com - The Middle East Crisis Has Just Begun
Chinas most prestigious seat of learning, Peking University, is planning to screen students for radical thoughts
Pro-Libya, Anti-US Protest Held in Uganda
President: Yemen is a ticking time bom
Gaddafi troops force rebels back: Pro-government forces have intensified their attacks on Libyan rebels, driving them back tens of kilometres over ground they had taken in recent days.
Taliban Seize District in Eastern Afghanistan from 
Afghan police
Deaths and thousands infected with dengue in Paraguay and Bolivia 
NFK: Crane in Reactor #3 collapsed onto fuel rods (1:40)
Earliest Christian writings in existence discovered in Jordanian cave - 70 new books almost 2,000 years old
Facebook has removed a page calling for a new Palestinian uprising against Israel after more than 350,000 people signed up to it.
UN Chief: Israel occupation morally and politically unsustainable, must end
Spains unemployed: one in five under 30 still looking for that first job
German Green party politician Malte Spitz used privacy law to force his cell phone carrier to reveal what it knew about him. The result? 35,831 different instances when his mobile phone transferred information over a 6-month period
The radioactive core in a reactor at the crippled Fukushima nuclear power plant appears to have melted through the bottom of its containment vessel and on to a concrete floor
Facebook drops Palestinian uprising page after Israel protest.
Wilders anti-Islam trial to go ahead: Court rules case will continue against Dutch politician Geert Wilders on charges of inciting hatred against Muslims.
Prominent Bahraini blogger Mahmood Al-Yousif arrested. His latest tweet simply says Police here for me
The Libyan Foreign Minister has Defected
Tokyo Electric Power Co.s own engineers had warned in 2007 that the Fukushima nuclear plant faced a 10 percent chance of being test[ed] or overrun by a tsunami in the next 50 years.
Israel considering annexing West Bank settlements
98-Year-Old War Vet tries to take out 2 police officers with an axe and knife. Hes now the oldest person to ever be held in custody by Scottish police.
How China and Others Are Altering Web Traffic: Invisible servers let governments quietly intercept and modify their citizens online communications
Police suspend effort to remove corpse near troubled nuclear plant due to radiation levels of the body
Bahrains protest movement fades beneath government suppression
Syrian president addresses the nation.
Complicated: Israel kidnaps a guy to get information about kidnapped guy
Japan to decommission four nuclear power plants
Berlusconi: Migrants must leave Italy
Japan sea radioactivity rises
While fighting against massive maiming and rape the Libyan Rebels form their own Central Bank 
The Long Arm of Mossad: A Palestinian engineer vanishes from a train carriage in Ukraine -- and reappears later in an Israeli jail. Hes being held without charge. Suspicion is mounting that the man is a Hamas insider with vital information.
Ouattara forces enter Cote dIvoires capital: Forces loyal to internationally recognised winner of presidential election are parading through streets of the capital.
Australian Prime Minister Hacked
Afghan Mob Kills 10 UN Workers (to protest Koran-
burning by Florida Pastor Terry Jones)
Saudis admit they supported Libya attack to mute US criticism of Bahrain
AC/DCs drummer Phil Rudd has his marijuana conviction overturned because it would affect his globe-trotting lifestyle
Worlds largest concrete-pump, with 70-foot boom, en route to Fukushima. Our understanding is, they are preparing to go to next phase and it will require a lot of concrete.
As panicked buzzwords like radiation and meltdown are being thrown around, many have forgotten what the real disaster is here.
Fukushima Mother: They Have Accepted They Will All Probably Die. The Fukushima workers, it turns out, arent talking because theyve been asked not to
Workers At Japanese Nuclear Plant Expect to Die.
Siege begins at presidential palace in UN-backed, media-ignored forgotten revolution in Ivory Coast
Russian President Medvedev to Tests Limits of Power With Plan to Oust Putin Allies
 High Radiation Level Readings Were NOT An Error: Radioactivity surges again at Fukushima 
 Federal Reserve lent money to Gaddafis bank during econ crisis
France ditches carbon tax as social protests mount.
A Koran-burning by a Florida pastor two weeks ago reportedly sparked a protest today in Kabul that resulted in the deaths of 10 U.N. workers, including possibly the leader of the U.N. mission.
Jumpers offered big money to brave Japans nuclear plant
Frances 101st, in the Indian Ocean...
 India to surpass China in population growth
 Entomb? Cement pumps flown in to nuke plant.
Same company that helped seal in Chernobyl is sending equipment 
Dog rscud aftr floating for 3 wks aftr tsunami
Chinese authorities found three companies linked to Google Inc that broke tax rules and are investigating possible tax avoidance
Gadafis forces are winning on the ground, but key 
ministers are defecting. Why?
7 civilians have been killed and 25 hurt after a coalition air strike in eastern Libya, a doctor has told the BBC.
Women vie for votes in Nigeria
Crews facing 100-year battle at Fukushima. ...one expert says the radiation leaks will be ongoing and it could take 50 to 100 years before the nuclear fuel rods have completely cooled and been removed.
180 Japanese who volunteered for the suicide mission to try and save the Tukushima nuclear station from meltdown. These guys..these guys are true heroes.
Dr. Michio Kaku says three raging meltdowns under way at Fukushima.
UN set to recognize Palestine as a sovereign nation, including all of the West Bank and Gaza. 
Defiant Japanese Boat Captain Rode Out Tsunami: I talked to my boat and said youve been with me 42 years. If we live or die, then well be together, then I pushed on full throttle . . . I climbed the wave like a mountain. When I thought I had got to the top, the wave got even bigger.
Ai Weiwei, an outspoken critic of the Chinese government and Chinas best-known artist, is missing. His whereabouts are unknown after being detained by police. His arrest is part of a wider government crackdown on dissidents in which many have been criminally detained, arrested, or disappeared.
Japanese Mayor Pleads for His Starving Town
it time - the global initiative for drug policy reform
Tepco prepares to dump 11,500L of radioactive water 
into the Pacific
Ivory Coast Crisis - 1000 killed in a single day in village of Duekoue.
French and UN helicopters have fired on military camps operated by Ivory Coast incumbent leader Laurent Gbagbo, in an effort to halt attacks on civilians.
Muslim Brotherhood advocates Egyptian modesty police -- Call adds to concerns among liberals that the country is going Islamic after attacks on Muslim mystic tombs, Christians
Russian journalist attacked by man after failed pick up attempt. Calls cops only to find out the man is the local police chief...
France: The prevailing sentiment among opponents of the governments debate on religion is that the government is exploiting division, fear of Islam and xenophobia for political gain.
Gaddafi wants truce with rebels, seeks Turkey to mediate
61% of Israeli voters over 55 would support a peace deal. Only 37% under 35 would approve. Worrying.
2 Qaddafi Sons Are Said to Offer Plan to Push Father Out and Create Democracy
Operation Payback: Anon to target Sony in row over information sharing.
Norways Parliament has agreed to the EU data directive
Muslims in France Ask to Use Empty Churches 
Bodies of victims in 2009 Air France flight 447 found in underwater wreckage
Troops fire on Yemen protest, murdering at least 6 civilians
First shots fired from UN/French forces in the Ivory Coast
Tsunami dog reunited with owner
Head of U.N. Panel Regrets Saying Israel Intentionally Killed Gazans
Fukushima officials want to release 11,500 tons of radioactive water into the ocean. Thats classified as over 100 times more radioactive than legal limits
Thousands are missing in Mexico - 
A Mexican human rights group says more than 5,000 people have been reported missing since the War on Drugs began
Syrian cell phones, internet down
Julian Assange: WikiLeaks is the intelligence agency of the people
Japan: Radioactive leak plugged!
Video of police assault on Ian Tomlinson, who died at the London G20 protest in 2009: It shows Tomlinson, who was not part of the demonstration, being assaulted from behind and pushed to the ground by baton-wielding police
75 Year old Georgian Woman shuts down Armenian internet for 12 hours.
International Energy Agency says peak oil happened in 2006
Wikileaks: Afghan School Success A Myth - Confidential documents give a bleak picture of Afghan schools supported by the West.
Portugal calls for EU financial bail-out
The cop who pushed Ian Tomlinson to the ground during the G20 protests told an inquest into the newspaper sellers death that he had been in fear for my life
David Cameron: Britain caused many of the worlds problems
New Israeli-Palestinian peace proposal presented 
and endorsed by Mossad and Shin Bet chief, among 
others. Sovereign Palestine, 1967 borders, return 
fo the Golan Heights to Syria
In post-Mubarak Egypt, abductions of women have become a phenomenon spread against the background of lawlessness
English surgeons protest long wait times for major operations that keep patients in severe pain for months &amp; other surgeries being outright denied in order to save money for the National Health Service. GPs were told not so send as many patients to hospital[...]
Japans tsunami-ravaged towns forgot wisdom left by their ancestors centuries ago
NHK: Radioactivity at Fukushima Daiichi No. 1-3 exceeds capacity of monitoring devices
Japan is very sorry about irradiating the ocean without prior notice, and promises never to do it again.
Military and medical experts call on doctors to use their position of trust in society to build support for action on climate change.
Ai Weiweis detention suggests the bad old days are returning in China --- 
A brutal crackdown on dissenters seems to signal a return to totalitarian repression
Tokyo Electric Power Company called the initial offer payment for their troubles, and would not detail how much money is being offered to each community. But Kousei Negishi, who is the manager of general affairs for Namie, said that it was..about $12 for each of Namies roughly 20,000 residents.
First mention in a Chinese newspaper of the detention of Ai Weiwei:  Ai Weiwei chooses to have a different attitude from ordinary people toward law. However, the law will not bend for mavericks just because of the Western medias criticism. 
Sweden With Entitlements &amp; Health Care Surpasses America Economically
Gadhafi, in letter, asks Obama to end air strikes - Yahoo! News
Academic researchers worldwide, including veterans of research on the Chernobyl accident, are poring over releases of data on population exposure rates to radioactive fallout from the Fukushima nuclear disaster. But they are finding that making any sense of the data is proving very difficult.
Sudan accuses Israel over Port Sudan air strike: The Sudanese government says Israel carried out an air strike on a car near the city of Port Sudan on the Red Sea coast which killed its two passengers.
Over a barrel: Oil could hit $200-$300 on Saudi unrest
Syrias only casino has been shut down and a ban on teachers wearing the Islamic veil reversed, in an effort to reach out to conservative Muslims.
Anti-porn MP caught surfing sex websites during parliament
MIT NSE Nuclear Information Hub - this is the only source Ive seen re:Fukushima that seems at all reliable.  Please upvote so everyone can see.
Canadas New Democratic Party promises national broadband and net neutrality
French police arrested two veiled women just hours after the countrys new ban on wearing the burka in public came into force
Ghost cities in China: so surreal 
Another earthquake in Japan at 7.1 magnitude
All countries, including Ireland, should hold a referendum on bank bailouts. The reckless lending of private financial institutions in Ireland is being turned into public debt without a public debate - Interview with Icelandic MP
Legal scholars attack degrading treatment of WikiLeaks soldier
France starts implementing burka ban
An explosion has ripped through a subway station in the centre of the Belarusian capital, Minsk
Rupert Murdochs flagship tabloid British Sunday admits to hacking phones of royal familys household staff, politicians, celebrities, athletes
Dubai Police came to take him at 3:30am
Arab League to ask UN to implement no-fly zone over Gaza
Roundup-Ready Crops May Be Causing Animal Miscarriages and Infertility
Former rugby player who took an axe to the men who gangraped his daughter doesnt actually have a daughter
Ivory Coast: French soldiers hand Gbagbo to rebels
UN rights expert denied WikiLeaks suspect visit
Voters in Iceland rejected deal to repay Britain and the Netherlands $5-billion for their citizens deposits in failed online bank.
From Moscow to Mecca: As this part of Russias empire frays, fundamentalist Islam takes a stronger hold 
Vancouver radiation tests show iodine-131 in rainwater at almost 100 times above US drinking water limit.
Indonesia anti-porn MP quits for watching porn
Bolivia is set to pass the worlds first laws granting all nature equal rights to humans -- The Law of Mother Earth
Japan Fails to Stop Radioactive Discharge Into Ocean
FBI destroyed thousands of UFO reports, 1949 memo reveals
Radiation risks from Fukushima no longer negligible.
The Canadian Cannabis laws have been declared invalid, in 90 days it will be fully re legalized.
Bolivia is drawing up a draft UN treaty which would give Mother Earth the same rights as humans, including the right to life, to pure water and clean air.
The clatter of helicopter blades echoed across the jungles of northwestern Ecuador...The police had received a tip that a gang of Colombian drug smugglers had set up a clandestine work site here...And whatever the traffickers were building, the tipster had warned, was truly enormous.
Susan Manning calls on British foreign secretary to check her sons physical and mental health in maximum security custody
New Zealands trying to pass a previously rejected three-strikes Internet disconnection law by attaching it to legislation dealing with the earthquakes in Christchurch.
US WikiLeaks Suspect Bradley Mannings Jail 
Conditions Criticized By Germanys Parliament
Rebels Hijack Gadhafis Phone Network
MEXICO: 39 killed in Ciudad Juarez in four days
WikiLeaks: Bradley Manning treatment may be 
illegal and unconstitutional
The scam was not complicated. Coins taken out of 
circulation are destroyed and sold as scrap metal. 
Often, however, one and two euro coins are merely 
split in two. A group in China would simply 
reassemble the coins.
Hugh Grant wears wire to turn tables on journalist about Phone-hacking
Syria: Thousands come out to protest imprisonment of hundreds of Syrian men arrested by authorities in recent days
Armenian nuclear power plant still operating with out containment structures, just like Chernobyl.  And it sits on some of Earths most earthquake-prone terrain
MEXICO  Mexican investigators have found a total of 116 bodies in pits near the U.S. border, 28 more than previously reported
Israeli Foreign Minister Lieberman faces corruption charges
Libyan rebels: 10,000 people killed by pro-Gadhafi forces, 30,000 wounded, 20,000 missing
Nokia will lay off up to 6,000 next week - Microsoft partnership more takeover than deal
Governor of Santa Cruz, Bolivia was shot after attempting to stop a mugging
British Banker Dies in Plunge from Singapore Hotel Rooftop Bar.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-il is unlikely to bow to pressure to surrender his nuclear capability because he believes it is vital for regime survival, the U.S. commander in South Korea said on Tuesday [12 April 2011].
Indonesian clinic touts smoking as cancer cure - The treatment for the emphysema sufferer includes the blowing of smoke from divine cigarettes infused with nanotechnology to remove their cancer-causing free radicals, through a tube into her diseased lungs.
Japans crisis: one month later
In new protest, Syrian women block main highway 
Oil above $122
Pressure at fukushima reactor vessel 1 at around 10bars (quite a lot) and rising
Jamaica to Look Again at Decriminalizing Marijuana
Briton beaten to death in a Dubai police cell after being arrested for swearing
Japans crisis: one month later - STUNNING Photos
UK activists win case against Metropolitan Police at the G20 protests -- High Court ruled police kettling was not justified
Thousands could sue over police kettling at G20 protests
Syria: Dont kill more than 20 protesters in one day --- March 23 Syrian intelligence document details strategy to counter rebel sentiment, create links between rebels, Zionist regime.
Last Two Speakers of Dying Language Refuse to Talk to Each Other
Tepco says fuel rods in the spent-fuel-pool of reactor #4 are damaged, fission may have resumed. New plan: move the spent fuel somewhere, somehow.
Remember Tunisias uprising? They remember their old dictator, Ben Ali, and are charging him with 18 counts including conspiring against the state, voluntary manslaughter, and drug trafficking
Russia wont allow hunting of polar bears this year
Police in Moscow discover what they are calling an underground town housing illegal immigrants from Central Asia in a Soviet-era bomb shelter in the city
Libyan rebels supplied with anti-tank weapons by Qatar
North Korea identifies arrested American journalist: Man identified as Jun Young-Su will be charged with crimes against the nation, state media says.
Norwegian royal guard soldiers fled and hid under 
their beds when the alarm sounded that the royal 
family was under attack.
China decides to ban Time Travel.
Secret Syria Document posted on Facebook details brutal tactics against protesters
Berlusconi will not seek reelection
Israelis in Eilat want to throw african infiltrators [refugees] out of the country
Irradiated student evacuee bullied at new school in Japan
Ive seen a lot of comments on reddit about Mexico lately. To have a better understanding of the complexity of the problem, listen to this episode of Fresh Air.
American Christian settlers in Palestine: About 
1,000 Americans have signed a document 
requesting to convert to Judaism, move to Israel, 
and settle in Samaria.
Mexican police implicated in mass graves.
Australian Navy rescues hostages from pirates
Fukushima raw milk is being sold again after radiation is measured to be below the governments acceptable limit.  Meanwhile France just days earlier warns pregnant women and small children to avoid milk. So who is right?
Pro-Palestinian Activist kidnapped by Gaza Islamists
Libya Rebels Execute, Behead, Mutilate Gaddafi Army after they Surrender...
Suddenly, Everyone Is Realizing That The British Are Sending The US A Huge Warning
US blocked UN access to Bradley Manning - World 
Politics, World - The Independent
Woman who attempted suicide while pregnant is accused of murder
Wife, child of man beaten to death by Police left with no source of income
Video of brutal beating by South African police on a protester at a service delivery protest. He later died of his wounds [NSFW]
Widow, 74, labelled a terrorist and ordered out of Canada - thestar.com - A widow who fled Sri Lanka after her husbands assassination has been ordered to return
Outcry over Muslim morality police in Oslo, Norway
Kidnapped Italian in Gaza Strip found dead
The (1) breadth, (2) duration and (3) methods of repression utilised in Chinas latest crackdown challenge the idea that the CCP is slowly liberalising.
UAE to try 14-year-old girl on adultery charges
Croatian 1990s War Criminals Convicted at The International Court of Justice in Hague (about time!)
Hospitals show ugly truth about Bahrain, as US looks the other way
Melted nuclear fuel likely settled at bottom of crippled reactors
Body of kidnapped Italian activist Vittorio Arrigoni found in Gaza
U.S., allies see Libyan rebels in hopeless disarray: The realistic outlook, U.S. and European officials said, is for an indefinite stalemate between the rebels -- supported by NATO air power -- and Gaddafis forces.
Family facing deportation from Canada because their 8 year old daughter suffers from cerebral palsy and is deemed an excessive burden on the health care system. 
Japan Discloses Data on Radioactive Water Release. More than 10000 metric tons of low-level radioactive water was discharged from the quake-hit Fukushima Daiichi nuclear complex
Radioactive water building up at Fukushima plant #2 faster than it can be pumped out
India court grants bail to India activist Binayak Sen: Indias Supreme Court has granted bail to leading public health specialist and human rights activist, Dr Binayak Sen.
NATO says Gadhafi must go but wont force him out
Conservatives ask Elections Canada to nullify student votes; xpost from r/Canada
Thousands of protesters demand reform in Syria
Body count from mass graves in Mexico rises to 145
Finnish nationalists challenge EU bailouts in election that has Europe on edge
Castro resigns as head of Cuban Communist party, allows Cubans to buy and sell property for first time since 1959
Secret memos expose link between oil firms and invasion of Iraq. Plans to exploit Iraqs oil reserves were discussed by government ministers and the worlds largest oil companies the year before Britain took a leading role in invading Iraq.
70 days jail for burning Koran in UK
I will never be cut: Kenyan girls fight back against genital mutilation - video
Iceland Declares Independence from International Banks
China is scary as hell
Death toll in Libya reaches 10,000
Hungary Is a Disgrace for Europe
 Banks cant spell Gadhafi either, so they cant freeze his assets. 
 Carl-Henric Svanberg, President of BP and known patron of the small people, does it again: Claims Most would agree that the world can withstand a few degrees of warming in Swedish interview
Israeli Intellectuals Press for Palestinian State - 
NYTimes.com
Fidel quits Communist Party leadership as Cuba looks to reform
More Bombs in Northern Ireland
Japanese Ministry of Internal Affairs creates project team to combat rumors deemed harmful to Japanese security in the wake of Fukushima. They begun sending letters of request to internet providers and others demanding that they take adequate measures in response to illegal information.
CEO of ThyssenKrupp in Italy sentenced to 16.5 years 
for the deaths of seven workers after a fire
Bahrain escapes censure by West as crackdown on protesters intensifies - Middle East - Independent.co.uk
Bulgarian nationalist attacked Jehovah witnesses meeting [violent video] 
N.Koreas Nuclear Facilities a Disaster in the Making
UN Report - A copy of the report obtained by The Australian found credible allegations that tens of thousands of Tamil civilians were killed deliberately targeted by Sri Lankan artillery firing into no-fire zones.| The Australian
How could bodies pile up again in a place just 90 miles from the U.S. border where 72 migrants were slaughtered eight months ago...And how could these new horrors emerge only five months after state and federal authorities announced with much fanfare that they were mounting a coordinated offensive
Japan consumers may bail out nuke plant owner
Australia deports criminal to UK.
French minimum wage to rise again
Estonia Tops List for Internet Freedom
Kurdish protesters clashed with police in Turkeys southeast and thousands gathered in Istanbul and Ankara after 12 pro-Kurdish politicians were banned from running in elections
Internet protests have started in New Zealand after its government passed a controversial three strikes filesharing bill under urgency
Brave Saudi guy speaks out on television.
Oscar Nominated Documentary Filmmaker And Photographer (Tim Hetherington and Chris Hondros) Reportedly Killed In Libya
British tourist beaten to death by Dubai police - Left alone in an empty cell without water or food for three days
Vladimir Putin reveals plan to boost Russian birth rate to reverse Russias declining population.
The growing rift between Putin and Medvedev could be the beginning of a two-party system in Russia
Indias PSLV-C16 rocket today successfully launched into orbit the latest remote sensing satellite Resourcesat-2 that would study and help manage natural resources along with two nano satellites.
 The conventional wisdom that Al Qaeda will rise from Yemens ashes is being challenged by average Yemenis, who for the first time in history are claiming their freedom as individuals. 
 Iran central banker: Lift sanctions or face spike in oil prices - oil prices will rise above $150 a barrel if economic sanctions against the Islamic theocracy are not lifted soon.
Taliban suicide bomber penetrates Ministry of Defense in Kabul
Japanese government targets harmful rumors; TEPCO - We dont measure the level of plutonium  2 articles
Tsunami warnings, written in stone over 100 years ago, saved lives in Japan -- and some who ignored them died
Photojournalists Tim Hetherington, Chris Hondros killed in Libya
Revolutions benefits passed over Egypts factory 
workers
Europes new telecoms law comes into effect May 25, and it avoids any explicit net neutrality rules; Commissioner pledges to name and shame bad non-neutral ISPs
Supporting Ai Weiwei, Change.org falls victim to Chinese hackers | Penn Olson
Two suspects in the killing of Italian activist Vittorio Arrigoni die in a Hamas raid in Gaza.
I Escaped From Auschwitz --- 
Kazimierz Piechowski, 91, was one of only 144 prisoners to break out of the death camp. He and three others stole the commandants car. That was when the Nazis began tattooing inmates with prison numbers, for easier recapture
Scores dead in Nigeria post-poll violence
Libyan war accelerates Chinese debate over non-intervention
Ministry of Defence ordered to disclose involvement 
in US-led rendition
 The coming Balkan war - Washington Times
 Britain to send military advisers to aid Libyan rebels
Report: government cyberattacks against own citizens intensifying
Dozens killed in Nigeria riots
Director of Restrepo and Photographer Chris Hondros killed in Misurata, Libya.
Everyone within 20km of Fukushima will be forcibly evacuated and roads blocked to prevent entry
Bahrain: Activist Zaynab Al-Khawajas letter to President Barack Obama as she began her hunger strike.
More than 80,000 people are claiming incapacity benefits because they are addicted to alcohol and drugs or are obese
Libya: mission creep claims as UK sends in military advisers
Japan considers banning access to evacuation zone
Chinese oil giant Sinopec has stopped exporting oil products to maintain domestic supplies. 
6.0-magnitude earthquake strikes off east coast of Honshu, Japan, less than 2 hours after 5.8 shaker
Next war in line: At least 20 South Sudanese army soldiers have been killed in a clash with rebel fighters.
Bahraini protester ends hunger strike after becoming convinced that being silent in a tomb and not able to speak is not in the interests of my family.
China tries to scare motorists into safer driving
Leaked Report Shows England Hit With Three Nuclear Incidents In February
Japans cyclone season approaches.
Have Oman and Qatar escaped the Arab revolts?
Rioters torch Australia asylum seeker detention centre
Russian migration official fired in racism row: Claimed the survival of the white race was at stake in migration policy
Small amounts of radioactive iodine found in breast milk
War photographer, Oscar-nominated film director killed in Libya
Effeminate boys are being sent to a special camp to be retrained in Malaysia.
Japan Government Declares 12-Mile Area Around Plant A No-Go Zone
TEPCO admitted Wednesday that nuclear fuel in reactor No. 1 could still be melting.
Fukushima evacuees face arrest if they return home
Prince Charles wins some kind of a record
TIL Fukushima workers only eat two meals a day -  crackers and vegetable juice for breakfast, and a packet of rice with chicken for dinner. In the evenings, they gather around in a safe room to cheer Lets do our best! and clap once, before  going to sleep on the floor.
Bahrain arresting doctors because they have accurate statistics on injured or killed protestors
Over half of Egypt wants to end 30-year peace treaty with Israel - only 36 percent of Egyptians are in favor of maintaining the treaty, compared with 54 percent who would like to see it scrapped
Syrias military shows signs of division amid crackdown -- Some soldiers reportedly refused to open fire against civilians in Deraa today, sparking clashes between units. 
NDP leapfrogs Liberals to land
into second spot in astonishing twist in Canadian election race
Channel 4 to air horrific Sri Lanka footage | Media | guardian.co.uk - Investigation fronted by Jon Snow to include mobile phone films that appear to show war crimes
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez Raises Minimum Wage 26.5%
Guantnamo Bay files: Al-Qaida assassin worked for MI6
Amateur video purportedly shows tanks rolling into Deraa and a young girl shot in Damascus, while hundreds of mourners protest over mounting deaths as government crackdown continues.
TOKYO  Angry farmers brought two cows to Tokyo, shouting and punching the air Tuesday in a protest to demand compensation for products contaminated by radiation spewing from Japans crippled nuclear plant
The UN has said widespread shelling by the Sri Lankan government killed most of the tens of thousands of civilians who died in the final months of the 25-year-long war, in 2009.
Vlad Putin: Libya coalition has no right to kill Gaddafi
Egypts former interior minister, Habib al-Adly, on trial for killing protesters; faces the death penalty if found guilty
Thailand and Cambodia fortified their border positions on Tuesday after four days of artillery and mortar battles killed seven Cambodian soldiers and five Thai troops, while both sides tried to dominate nearby ancient Hindu temple ruins
Poll: Over half of Egyptians want to cancel peace treaty with Israel
Black money comes mainly from India: Assange appealed to Indians to absolutely not lose hope that the names of those with secret Swiss accounts will come out at one point in the future
Russian corruption: crooked officials steal multi-billion-dollar company, $230M tax refund, then murder campaigning lawyer
South Koreans rethink Japan earthquake aid after Japan made a couple of moves that angered them
Beyond the Sarcophagus: The Overwhelming Challenge of Containing Chernobyl -- Work on the new sarcophagus meant to contain Chernobyls reactor 4 is a decade behind schedule. But significant problems will remain even once it is complete. For one, it is only meant to last for 100 years. 
Reopening of Blackwater Case Confuses Iraqi Victims: To be honest, I think the case will be dismissed again, says a victim who sustained two bullet wounds in the shooting and hit with 60 pieces of shrapnel, many which are still in his body
Amid brutal crackdown, Syria poised to join UN Human Rights Council
A collection of graphic shocking videos from Syria taken by citizens as security forces crackdown on waves of peaceful protesters (Warning! NSFL)
NATO To Bomb Palaces, Headquarters, Communication Centers And Other Prominent Institutions As Part Of No-Fly Zone Enforcement
Mexican police free 51 workers taken hostage
Mexican Narco-Traffickers Revelation Exposes Drug Wars Duplicity |Bill Conroy | the narcosphere
Fatah and Hamas sign reconciliation deal: Palestinian factions agree to form interim government and fix general election date following talks in Cairo
The highest level of radiation so far has been reported at Fukushima. Robots detected 1,120 mSv per hour in the Reactor 1 building. That means it takes about 15 minutes before workers are exposed to their lifetime dose.
Putin: Who gave NATO right to kill Gaddafi?
Christiania closes its borders [google translated]
WikiLeaks: Guantanamo detainee is now Libyan rebel leader.
China to build 60-tonne space station 
Mass resignations from Syrias ruling party
Hamas and Fatah agree to end feud, plans to form 
interim government, and hold parliamentary and 
presidential elections.
Black box found for Brazil-France crash
Not OK for pastors to operate machine guns: Swedish church - The Church of Sweden has ruled that pastors are not allowed to man machine gun turrets while serving in the field with Swedish troops in Afghanistan.
Christiania shuts down for business- English article from Jyllands-Posten.
Those who have seen war are never the same again. We see the world through different eyes, and I consider that a privilege. I am the custodian of all these stories, and I belong to a fortunate tribe.
Weeping wombs of Kasaragod: Several women in Kerala (India) are aborting their foetuses fearing endosulfan deformities
It has been dubbed a crazy project, but Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan on Wednesday unveiled a mega canal scheme that aims to redraw the map of Istanbul.
Explosion rocks Egypt gas pipeline
Syria neighbors fear future without Assad family -- From Israel to Iran, Syrias neighbors are starting to contemplate the possibility of a future without the Assad family as Lords of Damascus, and, whether friends or foes, some dont like what they see.
Guantanamo Files: Al-Qaida assassin worked for MI6
TIL that the World Banks chief economist defected from Taiwan to Communist China in 1979
China in no mood to listen in U.S. rights talks
Communication between NATO and Libyas rebels is so bad that the rebels have to rely on a single air traffic control tower to know when Western airstrikes are coming.
BBC News - Brazil Air France Rio crash flight recorder found
Army blocks access by car to Palestinian Neighborhood with more than 150 residents
Syrian crackdown of tanks and infantry reinforcements sent to besieged city  
Misrata has come under attack by Libyan government forces attempting to retake the besieged city.
Syria Tries to Defend Its Record to United Nations
World-famous and beloved Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has been disappeared by Chinas state security forces. Every trace of Ais life and art have been erased from the Chinese internet, and his only hope may be a global outcry for his release. 
Iceland Declares Independence from International Banks
A Filipino Catholic bishop says a pending bills supporters are no better than terrorists. A former mayor of Manila believes the bill is worse than martial law. -- the bill is in support of condoms
North Korean leader Kim Jong-il is willing to hold talks with South Korea or with the United States or with the six powers on any subject any time and without any preconditions
Christiania, hippy freetown in the middle of Copenhagen since 1971, faces last stand
Iranian parliament starts preparing for Ahmadinejad impeachment
Four Bahrain protesters sentenced to death.
In Shenyang, China a Fund is Established for Japanese man who sacrificed himself to save 20 Chinese trainees from the tsunami
Moroccan tourist cafe terrorist attack leaves at least 15 dead
In Philippines, MILF orders its rogue commander to stop staging rebellion and immediately return to their fold
Bahraini trainee pilots suspended from UK flying school after attending protests.
Blast Hits Main Square in Marrakech
Residents evacuate as volcano spews ashes in Ecuador.
Hundreds quit Syrias ruling party to protest crackdown
AP
Thursday, 28 April 2011
    Share
More than 200 members have quit Syrias ruling Baath party to protest at President Bashar Assads brutal crackdown on opponents
China risks getting old before it gets rich - The Economic Times
New Venezuelan taxes on windfall oil revenue will let socialist President Hugo Chavez boost spending on popular social programs by billions of dollars ahead of his re-election bid next year.
Almost one in five British businesses admit using interns as cheap labour
Turkish government bans websites with URLs containing words like free hot gay animal pic and the number 31. 
AL Jaz: Syrian military turn on their own
Recurrent attacks on Copts has Egypt slated for US religious freedom blacklist: Violence against Coptic Christians and other religious minorities continues unabated without the government bringing the perpetrators to justice
French riot police protest ban on drinking on the job
Our program does not include negotiations with Israel or recognizing it.  It will not be possible for the interim national government to participate or bet on or work on the peace process with Israel.
Saudi-backed Bahraini military court sentenced several protesters to death...inciting more protests.
Doctor at the scene says Yemeni forces opened fire on a massive anti-government demonstration in the capital Sanaa, killing 12 protesters and wounding some 190 others
Hundreds of Syrians flee unrest into northern Lebanon
France Dropping Concrete Bombs In Libya 
Tunisian Army engages Gadaffi Troops
In Brazil, an estimated 35 million people joined the middle class between 2003 to 2009, and 20 million more are expected to be included by 2014. Unemployment is at a relatively low 6.5 percent
A prominent Japanese radiation specialist has resigned...inexcusable standards for school children in Fukushima 
 Egypt is charting a new course in its foreign policy that has already begun shaking up the established order in the Middle East, planning to open the blockaded border with Gaza and normalizing relations with two of Israel and the Wests Islamist foes, Hamas and Iran.
 Syrian army may be cracking as death toll rises to over 500: Battalions of the fifth division were protecting people, and returned fire when they were subjected to attacks by the fourth division.
Lara Logan breaks her silence on being assaulted by a mob of several hundred men in Tahrir Square
Bahrain torture service official to attend royal wedding 
China Releases Human Rights Activist Teng Biao
Tunisia furious as Libya fighting spills over border
Turkey - which already bans more websites than any other European country - will soon require all Internet users to choose from one of four filter profiles operated by their ISPs
Egypt to open Gaza border crossing -- Egypts foreign minister says Cairo will permanently open the Rafah border crossing to ease Israels blockade on Gaza
On May 1, Germany will open its labor market to citizens of eight east European countries that joined the European Union in 2004.
60 girls groomed for sex at takeaway shops in Blackpool 
How the World Let Qaddafi Get Cluster Bombs: Libyan government forces are deploying the horrific - and, throughout much of the world, banned - weapons against rebels, proving that we will have to do more if we want to end their use
Could uprisings spread from northern Africa to south of the Sahara? The prevalence of unfair electoral systems plus huge numbers of angry young people with mobile phones should make African autocrats increasingly uncomfortable
Uganda erupts in anger against president: Violent protests reach capital after opposition leaders arrest
Head teachers are set to join an unprecedented wave of strikes that will bring almost every school in England and Wales to a standstill
Spanish Unemployment Rate Rises to More Than 21% as Inflation Accelerates
Exiled Tibetans elect political heir to Dalai Lama
Palestine rivals Fatah and Hamas on verge of historic deal
A brave Syrian man in Deraa defying the security forces, screaming in their face, and barley escapes the scene alive. 
TEPCO - Amerium, Curium Found With Plutonium At Fukushima. Which means?
Bristol burns once more as Tesco riots return to streets of Stokes Croft
Egypt-Israel gas pipeline attacked by Egyptians; fire could rage for days
Sony announces second data breach with theft of 25m more user details
Heres what the WHOLE world thinks of Osamas death.  Bonus Robert Fisk interview goodness.
This is just wrong: Bahrain charges doctors and nurses who treated injured anti-government protesters; they will stand trial in military court
Conservatives win majority in Canadian election
NZ pushed to create copyright laws by US government
The New Zealand Law Commission urges overhaul   legalizing medical marijuana, decriminalizing drug possession and small-time drug dealing, and doing away with drug paraphernalia laws
New Yorker: Bin Laden compound was in Pakistani Army territory - inconceivable that they wouldnt have known about it
Tomlinson unlawfully killed at G20 protests, inquest rules
Air France cockpit voice recorder has now been located
Tornado strikes Auckland, NZ; roof has collapsed at citys largest shopping center 
Argentinians light trains on fire in anger over chronic delays, fail to improve scheduling situation.
Vatican offends many by hosting Mugabe
Alberta pipeline leak largest since 1975
Inquest finds G20 bystander unlawfully killed by British police officer
China: A total of 53 officials involved in the sale of melamine-tainted milk have been punished days after 14 people were convicted of selling tainted milk powder and two of them sent to prison.
Ian Tomlinson unlawfully killed by PC at G20 protest an inquest jury has found.
Palestinian factions sign reconciliation deal in Egypt
Japan : Radiation leaks from fuel rods suspected at 
Tsuruga plant
Bin Laden was unarmed
Phone call by Kuwaiti courier led to Osama Bin Laden
SEALs Capture OBL Hard Drives
Global Freedom of Press at Lowest Level in More Than Decade
Pakistan admits Bin Laden intelligence failure
UK: Five arrested near Sellafield Nuclear Plant under Terrorism Act. London men stopped by officers policing nuclear site in Cumbria.
North Korea has started a drive to confiscate mobile phones smuggled from China in an attempt to suppress news from the outside world
Brazils Supreme Court unanimously approves same-sex civil unions.
UK journalist suggests that the unemployed, or people on low incomes, should not be allowed to vote... Its time to restore the link between paying something into society and voting on decisions about how it is run
Germany: Cops attend a peaceful protest undercover... get mazed and punched in the face by cops on duty for no reason.
Pakistan, who has received over $20 billion in U.S. aid since the September 11 attacks,  pays U.S. lobbyists to deny it helped bin Laden
Al-Qaida confirms Osama bin Ladens death
Scotland likely to hold referendum for independence from the United Kingdom
What Happened to Air France Flight 447? --- The vanishing of Flight 447 was easy to bend into myth. No other passenger jet in modern history had disappeared so completely  without a Mayday call or a witness or even a trace on radar.
New Zealand parliament site shut down by Anonymous following copyright law changes.
Hamas leader calls to keep truce with Israel
Spanish court surprises everyone by imposing sentences of 439 years each to Somali pirates.
Canadian Roman Catholic bishop pleaded guilty to trying to import child pornography after he was arrested returning from a trip to Thailand
Egypt presidential frontrunner Moussa puts Israel on notice: Mubarak had a certain policy, it was his own policy and I dont think we have to follow this, he said. We want to be a friend of Israel, but it has to have two parties, it is not on Egypt to be a friend. Israel has to be a friend, too.
Osama bin Laden dead: hi-tech secret may end up in China
Syrian activists are preparing to take to the streets on Friday for what they are calling a day of defiance
The real meaning of Bin Ladens death
Liberal Democrats suffer bloodbath in UK elections: The Liberal Democrats have paid a heavy electoral price for their decision to form a coalition with the Conservatives last year
China Tries to Silence American Advocacy Site With Attacks, FBI Fires Back
5.3 quake jolts Fukushima.
A suicide bomber drives a car packed with explosives into a police headquarters in the Iraqi city of Hilla, killing at least 16 people and wounding dozens more. 
China blasts US government for operation that killed Osama - China holds that the independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity of any country should be respected, said Jiang Yu, a spokeswoman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry
Protesters shot dead in Syrian day of defiance
Whatever the legality of Osama bin Ladens apparent execution, he was certainly a murderer. But what are US drone attacks?
War Dogs: Theres a reason they brought a dog to the raid on Osama bin Laden...because they are awesome.
Assassination
A messy business
When a state kills its enemies remotely, the law gets tangled
Kidnappings scare rich Russian parents: After 16-year-old disappears, Russians fear return to violence
Mexicos failed war against the drug gangs - Mexicans are calling for an end to the battle against organised crime that has cost 40,000 lives
Ecuador bans 500-yr-old tradition of bullfighting; voters in a referendum held on Saturday also outlawed cockfighting and casino gambling
Coastal cities in Japan now flood at high tide due to shifting by quake
The Pakistan government has decided not to conduct an inquiry of any kind at any level whatsoever about the Abbottabad incident to find those responsible for intelligence failure and violation of Pakistani borders and sovereignty.
Malawi expels UK diplomat after UK remarks that the country doesnt tolerate criticism.
Nato units left 61 African migrants to die of hunger and thirst. Boat trying to reach Lampedusa was left to drift in Mediterranean for 16 days, despite alarm being raised.
Being gay is a sin: Swedish Salvation Army - Leading members of the Salvation Army in Sweden told an undercover journalist that homosexual sex is a sin and offered to ask God to help free the reporter from the condition.
In the ancient Bahraini village of Aali, where some graves date to 2000 B.C., a mosque had stood for more than 400 years - one of the handsomest Shiite Muslim mosques in this small island nation. Today, only bulldozer tracks remain
Wikileaked Gitmo interrogations reveal Pakistani ISI sent terrorists to India where they bombed, kidnaped and killed Kashmiri people.
Pakistan spy agencys alleged role in Mumbai terrorist attacks to be revealed
Concerted Media Efforts To Smear UK Tax Protesters; the groups core argument, that the state could save billions by pursuing corporate tax avoidance instead of cutting public services, is gaining ground.
A ship carrying up to 600 migrants trying to flee Libya has sunk just off the coast of the North African country
It gets worse. Pakistan maybe headed to a military coup after the ISI outed the identity of the CIA station chief.
The Taliban released a video of a Canadian man captured this year in a volatile province of central Afghanistan and said he would be put on trial for spying unless Canadas government accepted unspecified demands for his release.
Tripoli finally beginning to rise up against Gadaffi!
Osama Bin Laden Aided by Rogue or Retired Elements of Pakistani Intelligence, Government Official Says
Japan Earthquake: Two Months Later
Tens of thousands of Mexicans march for peace, demand end to violence - They called for Public Security Secretary Genaro Garcia Luna to resign
Oil Wealth, U.S. Backing Enables Saudi Arabia to Crush Dissent in Bahrain and at Home
Libyan gang-rape victim Eman al-Obeidy flees to Tunisia
The Royal Navys latest 1.2 billion nuclear submarine, HMS Astute, has been towed back to base after it suffered a technical issue with hydraulics,  a malfunction which could have killed the entire crew.
Japan and US plan to jointly build nuclear waste  storage facility in Mongolia
Osama bin Laden must have had Pakistan support network, says Obama
Rios innovative solution for getting rid of its slums for the Olympics: removing them from Google Maps
A military crackdown on Syrias seven-week uprising escalated Sunday, with reinforcements sent to two cities, more forces deployed in a southern town and nearly all communications severed to besieged locales
Japan Prime Minister will give up his salary until the nuclear crisis is over. 
Tony Blair used 400,000 pounds from a fund for disadvantaged children to set up an office in a five-star hotel in West Asia
Microsoft closing in on $7 billion deal to buy Skype.  
As the Arab Spring proves, Bin Laden had already lost: By the time he was killed, bin Laden had already lost the battle for the hearts and minds of a new generation of Arabs.
Indian Supreme Court:  Honour killers should hang
Christians in Egypt say they are under organized attack. 
 How An Italian Pilot Began The Air War Era --- 
In Libya, almost exactly a century ago, a young Italian pilot carried out the first ever air raid. His extraordinary letters home begin: Today two boxes of bombs arrived. We are expected to throw them from our planes
NATO may have decided killing Gaddafi best way to end war: Rumors he may be dead or seriously wounded are starting to surface, as he has not been seen in public since April 30th.
SYRIA: Amateur video said to show government agents crushing protest
UK police trained secret terror squads
Indian women were subjected to virginity tests in the 1970s before being allowed entry into the United Kingdom
Dozens of academics have called for the immediate reinstatement of a Nottingham University lecturer, who was suspended for writing an article criticising the universitys treatment of a student arrested by anti-terror police in 2008
Blindfolded, beaten and tortured: grim new testimony reveals fate of Bahrains persecuted doctors
Russia considers chemical castration for sex offenders. 
Six orphan girls aged between 12 and 18 have been flogged in Saudi Arabia after being convicted of acts of mischief and attacking the head of their orphanage
The Indian Supreme Court warned that perpetrators of honour killings could face death penalty, saying that the crime meets the rarest-of-rare criterion laid down by it to award capital punishment. 
Bosnia facing a serious crisis.
13 killed in clash on Mexico-U.S. border lake
At least 82 dead in southern Sudan, including women and children, as rebels continue attacks ahead of regions independence in July
EU slaps sanctions on top Syrians including presidents brother
The Coming Euro Crack-Up --- 
The European project wont go quietly into the night. But it might go noisily into the ashcan of history if the Germans decide they cant convert the Greeks into hard-working, tax-paying euro-citizens worthy of continuing handouts
Some observers allege that the sudden emergence of Salafis is orchestrated by Saudi Arabia, which seeks to abort the Egyptian revolution for fear that the same revolutionary model would be reproduced on its soil.
Japan Scraps Plan for New Nuclear Plants
Rights group: More than 750 killed, 9,000 people detained in Syria government crackdown on dissent 
400 insurgents attack police in northeast Afghanistan
Israel revokes residency of 140,000 Palestinians in West Bank. Any resident who temporarily left the state after 1967 for vacation/work/study is targeted. PLO calls it war crime.
Heartbreaking Video: During Daraa siege, people couldnt even pick up dead bodies  [NSFW] 
Organic farming  Indias future perfect? Indias struggling farmers are starting to profit from organic living. Not only are incomes of organic farmers soaring  by 30% to 200%  but their yields are rising as the pesticide-poisoned land is repaired through natural farming methods. 
Two Scalps in One Day - 
Germanys Anti-Plagiarism Activists on a Roll
 --- 
The online community of anti-plagiarism activists in Germany are uncovering academic cheating and caused another leading FDP politician to resign 
For a man on the run, Osama bin Laden seemed to do very little running. Instead, he chose to spend long stretches - possibly years - in one place and often in the company of his family.
Fukushima fuel Rods Fully Exposed
After a trial lasting almost 18 months, John Demjanjuk, a retired American autoworker who has been the subject of more than three decades of legal proceedings over his Nazi-era past, was convicted by a court here on Thursday of helping to force some 28,000 Jews to their deaths during the Holocaust. 
More than one in 10 Mexican households forced to pay a bribe in 2010
Security forces in Bahrain are targeting medics for arrest and torturing them to get false and forced confessions 
 An FBI report kept secret for 25 years said the Soviet Union quite likely fabricated evidence central to the prosecution of John Demjanjuk.
 Drone strike kills several in Pakistan
It is simply not possible that the policies being inflicted on Greece, Ireland and now Portugal will reduce the debt burden of those countries  the very opposite will happen, as was seen from Zambia in the 1980s to Argentina at the beginning of the last decade. 
The amount of water leaking from one of the reactors at Fukushima is much greater than previously thought, plant operator Tokyo Electric Power Co. said Thursday, a finding that points to severe damage to the reactor and could force a change in plans for stabilizing the unit.
Geert Wilders on Canada: 1. Canada should ban the burka; 2. Theres no such thing as moderate Islam; 3. The Muslims are taking over; 4. Brown people go home; 5. Muslims are a threat to gay rights.
Chinese Frauds Account For 80% Of Nasdaq Permanent Trading Halts
David Cameron has triggered a row with military chiefs by insisting that hundreds of British troops must be withdrawn from Afghanistan within weeks.
Japan Nuclear Reactor Damage Worse Than Expected
Fukushima: Reactor 4 Building in Danger of Collapse?
Iran bans books from International book fair
Activist battles Kenyan tradition of rape beading
Kan orders slaughter of all livestock in 20-km hot zone
NATO tries assassinating Gaddafi again.  3 dead, 27 wounded in new missile attack.
Syrian army shells neighborhoods
Wikipedia founder Jimmy Wales has waded into the debate over super-injunctions, saying current privacy laws are a human rights violation.
Fuel rods in the core of the No. 1 reactor are fully exposed.
Filipino president says hes ready to accept excommunication from church for promoting free access to condoms
Madrid, Spain, right now. The protests keep on growing.
For the second consecutive day, thousands of people have taken the streets of Spain
Syrian security forces open fire on an ambulance attempts to rescue an injured man, the driver and the medic receive direct hits.
Canadians kept in dark from a very long list of toxins introduced into drinking water due to shale gas fracking and Exxon Mobile goes on Shale Gas ad-spree on hulu
Guatemalans sue US for deliberately spreading illness in 1940s experiment
Germany vs. Greece - German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Tuesday evening blasted Greece and demanded that Athens raise the retirement age and reduce vacation days. 
Autocrats Gain Ground in Middle East --- 
Burning churches in Cairo, dead and wounded in Syria, Libya and Yemen, and a deathly silence in Bahrain. The Arab protest movement has come to a standstill, and the kings, emirs and sultans are rallying to launch a counterrevolution.
Chilling Story Of Genius In A Land Of Chronic Unemployment --- Meet the Yahoo boys of Nigeria, successors of the 419 scammers. Astounding computer skills, masters of human manipulation. New con involves online dating. We use our brains to get what we want. For us its the only way to live
Protests in Afghanistan turn violent: Thousands of Afghans, claiming NATO again killed civilians, take to the streets
North Koreas Food Shortage: We Cannot Leave the Children to Die
Naked sex workers try to set themselves on fire in Seoul protest [NSFW]
Gaddafis Wife &amp; Daughter flee to Tunisia [no Al Jazeera English article up yet]
Japanese Cabinet adviser:  Radioactive water dumped into Pacific Ocean because of strong request from the United States
U.S. slaps sanctions on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and six other top officials for crackdown on pro-democracy protesters
Canadians secretly added to U.S. security list: WikiLeaks
Spanish youth rally in Madrid echoes Egypt protests
Ethiopia is facing 30% inflation along with an impending drought. Things arent looking great. Wondering why none of this is even being spoken of in international media
Medvedev warns of new Cold War over US missile defense system
Bin Laden killing may set precedent MPs are told - Osama Bin Ladens death may come to be seen as a precedent for targeted killings by states in the future, a report written for MPs has suggested.
Democracia Real Ya: The organization behind the protests in Spain
By any rational standard, Stephen Harper and his minions should have been obliterated at the polls on May 2; instead, they will form a majority government based on 40% of the popular vote. 
Al-Jazeera journalist Dorothy Parvez released
Korean sex workers protest brothels crackdown
Blackwaters Erik Prince is setting up no-Muslims battalion for Abu Dhabi to use against revolution... and Iran (approx. 2:46)
As the Japanese government and TEPCO struggle to bring the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant under control, a group of pensioners has decided to put their lives at risk to save younger people from radiation.
 
 Randal Munroe, creator of XKCD, responds to Ben Steins comments about Dominique Strauss-Kahn
 The Middle East is running dry. The most water-stressed nations on Earth are all in the Middle East and North Africa. Add surging populations and food and energy costs, and trouble seems inevitable
 Designer of Chinas Great Firewall reportedly pelted with shoes and egg
 Israel rejects total pullback to 1967 borders
 First Habitable Planet Confirmed by French Scientists
 Company Director doesnt give his staff a wage rise because they would only mismanage their money
 TEPCO posts photos of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant getting hit by the tsunami (links below the 2nd photo)
 You Need To Be Watching Whats Developing In Spain Right Now
 Whistleblower says Russian troops fed dog food
 China acknowledges Three Gorges dam problems
 How Does a Socialist Public Servant Pay for $3,000-a-Night Hotel Suites and First-Class Flights?
 Israeli attach expelled from Russia over spying allegations
 Russia threatens nuclear build-up over U.S. missile shield
 China has drastically cut the number of deaths from HIV-Aids by handing out free drugs.
 An opinion poll in France, taken before his first court appearance on Monday and released on Wednesday, showed that more than half the population believe Strauss-Kahn was set up.
 Ethiopia rebels say govt troops killed 100 civilians;1 UN worker dead, 2 missing
 Levels of ocean radionuclides at least order of magnitude higher than Chernobyl.
 A swarm of bees delays flights at Philippine airport
 Women in Turkey
Behind the veil: Womens influence in politics is growing, but it is still small
Second Iranian flotilla of solidarity with 120 supporters of Bahraini dissidents blocked from entering kingdom 
Military tanker plane loaded with 158,000 pounds of fuel just crashed
Support for Swedish NATO membership drops - Fewer Swedes support Swedish membership in NATO and roughly half are outright opposed to the idea, a new poll shows.
Mexico town stands up to drug gangs with barricade
Triple bombing kills 27 at Iraqi police station
Egypt finds 17 lost pyramids: A satellite survey used infra-red images to detect underground buildings
What a difference a year makes: in 2010, France was trying to sell Libya the Rafale aircraft. In 2011, France is bombing Libya with the Rafale.
Amazon rainforest activist shot dead: Jos Cludio Ribeiro da Silva killed in ambush in the Brazilian Amazon, six months after predicting his own murder
Chevron face shareholders after huge $18bn Ecuador fine. An Ecuadorian tribal leader: The court, which Chevron chose, found them guilty of poisoning our rainforest, and our families. ..  [we] demand that Chevron cease its lies and pay to clean up the contamination that is choking our communities.
Head of Afghan girls school killed by Taliban 
China orders suspension of death sentences: China has apparently introduced new standards to reduce the number of criminals it executes.
Denmark bans marmite
Norway plans billion-dollar clean energy initiative for poor. Norway wants to channel billions of dollars to renewable energies in developing nations, building on a scheme to protect tropical forests to which Oslo has been the biggest donor.
Netanyahu Address Congress: No right of return for Palestinians, No dividing Jerusalem, and tells Fatah to tear up historic deal with Hamas
Egyptian pyramids found by infra-red satellite images
Former head of Pakistans ISI is 100 per cent sure a Taliban attack on a major naval air base in Karachi was an American operation.
US and IAEA officials knew that the Fukushima nuclear power plant suffered a nuclear meltdown within 3.5 hours of the Japan earthquake and subsequently hid it from the public.
French group calls for large demonstration in Paris this weekend to show solidarity with tens of thousands of youth demonstrating against austerity programs in Spain
Three Months of Civil War in Libya [pics]
Assange: Dramatic Increase in Whistle-Blowers Despite Bradley Manning Case
Israels PM received a rapturous reception from Congress, but US Jewish opinion at large is frustrated with his intransigence.
Six Italian seismologists and one government official will be tried for the manslaughter of those who died in an earthquake that struck the city of LAquila on 6 April 2009.
Libyan parents hope for long-sought answers in HIV mystery -- More than 400 children were infected with the AIDS virus at a childrens hospital in the 1990s. Moammar Kadafi called it a deliberate act by foreign workers, but some now openly question his role.
Atomic agency outs Irans nuke warhead project
Egypt is to open the Rafah border crossing into Gaza permanently to Palestinians from Saturday, Egyptian state news agency Mena has said.
Iran is considering imposing sanctions on U.S. officials for human rights violations, attempting to turn the tables after years of sanctions imposed by the West.
Indian Maoists kill and dismember 10 policemen -- Ten policemen, including one senior officer, have been killed and dismembered by Maoist rebels in Indias Chhattisgarh state, police say
The greatest Amazon River disaster in history
In Israel, Netanyahu Seen as Stalling Peace Talks
Ash cloud reaches Germany 
Police arrest man suspected to be Ratko Mladi
Turkey becomes a heavily censored dictatorship: There are now one million Internet sites blocked: All internet cafes in the country must undertake special filters use one that blocks a plethora of sites.  Google, BBC, Facebook, eBay, Amazon and the site of the Turkish Human Rights Association. 
Egypt Permanently Reopens Its Gaza Border Crossing
4 Muslims in East London who bashed a religious teacher because he was a non muslim teaching Islam jailed.
Witness: Shattered humanity inside Syrias security apparatus - The young man was dangling upside down, white, foaming saliva dripping from his mouth. His groans sounded more bestial than human [...]
Ratko Mladic hunt: Serbian police arrest suspect 
French MP compares gay weddings to unions with animals 
In a backwards move, Brazil suspends sex education videos due to pressure from evangelical groups which argued that the videos encouraged homosexual behavior
Internet regulation makes G8 agenda - finding a way to regulate the internet that is acceptable to governments, industry and civil society
The only man brave to protest on Saudi Arabias day of rage has suffered in prison for his BBC interview 
UK Police have defended themselves amid claims of heavy-handedness after using a helicopter and two officers to find a schoolboy who kicked a football through a greenhouse
Mladic isnt the only war criminal arrested: Hutu Bernard Munyagishari, alleged mastermind of Rwandan genocide, will also be brought to justice
The personal data of millions of passengers who fly between the US and Europe, including credit card details, phone numbers and home addresses, may be stored by the US department of homeland security for 15 years, according to a draft agreement between Washington and Brussels leaked to the Guardian
Manal Al Sharif, the woman who got arrested in Saudi for driving a car, is kept in prison for another 10 days.
Three Chinese government buildings bombed
Mr Netanyahu does not need to persuade even his American congressional sponsors of his desire to move forward in peace. He merely needs to persuade them that he has done enough to continue to pretend that the absence of peace is not his fault.
Wikipedia Lobbies UN To Be On Its World Heritage List
Netanyahu chooses to make things worse with Capitol Hill speech, BBC calls him stuck in the past
Thousands of immigrants lured to Spain by dreams of a better life now live in squalor
They found the ancient city of Tanis!  Whos going to find the Well of Souls?  and then...who will become raiders of the lost ark???
Japan finds its voice: Protests against the governments handling of the nuclear crisis are now common.
The Bosnian Serb war crimes fugitive Ratko Mladic 
- wanted over the Srebrenica massacre - has been 
arrested, the Serbian president confirms.
The Ten Most Wanted - updated now that Bin Laden is dead and Mladic has been captured. 
Saudi Religious Police force a woman out of a travel fair because she wore a colored Abaya.
Lapdance monastery shut after raunchy nun stunt
Agribusiness wins and Brazil does away with laws to protect large swaths of rainforest 
Spanish police is charging tough against pacifist protesters in Barcelona!
Spanish police beating peaceful protestors in the Plaa Catalunya in Barcelona [Vid]
Category 5 Typhoon Heading For Japan.
Thousands of Egyptians are gathered on Cairos Tahrir Square for a so-called second revolution
Thousands return to Tahrir Square for day of anger demonstrations, pressing military rulers for speedier reforms.
Italy: Seven seismologists being tried for manslaughter for failing to predict 2009 LAquila earthquake, which killed about 300 people
Russia agrees to mediate Gaddafi exit; Moscow changes tack at the G8 meeting in France, saying Gaddafi has forfeited legitimacy to rule Libya
Fukushimas tsunami plan was a single page: Document reveals TEPCO had ruled out the possibility of a tsunami large enough to knock the plant offline 
Europes Web of Debt [pic]
Rwanda genocide mastermind arrested: Bernard Munyagishari, a former Hutu militia leader wanted on charges of murder and rape in connection with the Rwanda genocide, is caught in Democratic Republic of Congo after 17 years
Jurez police captain gunned down at home
The price of protesting in Syria: there was the welcome party before the interrogation. They pushed us to the floor, security forces stood on our back and jumped hard. Five or six of them. One jumps, finishes his turn, and the next one takes over, 
Greece cheated to join Euro through deception former European Central Bank Chief Economist Otmar Issing said. 
Egyptians Gather for Second Day of Anger: Thousands gather in Cairos Tahrir Square to protests against the militarys handling of the post-revolution phase
Radioactive water appears to be leaking from a waste disposal building at Fukushima nuclear complex, says operator Tepco
AF447: Description of the Air France crash chronology from the BEA (Must read!)
Outrage over Syrias shoot-to-kill policy/
Amnesty International says government should be put on trial for killing protesters. [Title of video]
Protesters shot dead by Syrian forces: More deaths reported as several towns witness fresh demonstrations against president Assads one-party rule. 
G8 summit: laws apply on Internet just like everywhere else
Video: Police brutality in Spain
As of this Sunday, crossing the Egypt-Palestine border will be permitted without a visa
BBC News - Sri Lanka President Rajapaksa defends militarys role but The UN-commissioned report said that tens of thousands of civilians died in the final phase of the war - most of them killed in shelling by government forces.
Harper blocks mention of 1967 border in G8 Mideast statement 
Greek PM fails to win opposition support for austerity measures again
Archaeologists find sealed tunnel underneath Teotihuacan temple
13-year-old Syrian boy arrested, brutally tortured, beaten, burned, slashed, penis cut off, murdered
Egypt: general confirms virginity checks forced on female protesters by military  
Australia Suspends Live Cattle Exports to Indonesia After Cruelty Exposed on Film, Which Shows Them Being Beaten, Whipped &amp; Kicked Prior to Slaughter - ...it was taking 4 throat cuts to kill an animal instead of 1.
Journalist Who Reported on Pakistan Links to al-Qaeda Found Dead
Japan Considering Plan to Require Solar Panels on All New Buildings
Al-Jazeera footage appears to show western special forces on the frontline in Libya, evidence for the first time of allied boots on the ground.
Dutch Government Moves Ahead With Weed Ban For Foreigners
 Drug laws: 40 years on, only a complete change of approach will do
 The prices of staple foods will more than double in 20 years unless world leaders take action to reform the global food system, Oxfam has warned.
UK: Spy cameras are used to target student protesters in an attempt to criminalise protest.
Bangladeshi woman cuts off penis of man she says tried to rape her, submits it as evidence
Explosives detonate in 3 IKEA stores across Europe 
Iceland to ban tobacco?
Libyan government gave $1.3bn to Goldman Sachs 
for investment. Less than 1 year later 98% of it was 
gone.
200 Japanese pensioners volunteering to tackle the nuclear crisis at the Fukushima power station
Turkish court has ordered the arrest of the highest-ranking active-duty military officer charged with plotting to overthrow the government.
Syrian protesters denied medical care: Doctors have been physically prevented from giving life-saving care to patients.
Former French minister Jack Lang accused of having a pedophile orgy with Moroccan boys.
Introducing fines for swearing in Australia
14 dead in Germany as cucumber crisis grows
Serbia sends Mladic to The Hague
Egypt admits to forcing virginity tests
BBC News - Italy elections: Voters give Berlusconi bloody nose
During five weeks spent filming undercover, a reporter captured footage of vulnerable patients being repeatedly pinned down, slapped, dragged into showers while fully clothed, taunted and teased 
The Netherlands first country to anchor net neutrality in law 
WikiLeaks: US knowingly supported rigged Haitian election
Nigeria: The Cost of Oil (In Photos)
The nuclear fuel in three of the reactors at the Fukushima has melted through the base of the pressure vessels and is pooling in the outer containment vessels, a melt-through far worse than a core meltdown and the worst possibility in a nuclear accident.
Gaddafi ordered mass rape as a weapon, International Criminal Court claims 
Aussie Gay Bar Wins Right To Ban Women - A GAY venue in Collingwood has won the right to ban women to ensure its patrons are not subjected to attempts by predatory females to turn them straight. 
New Zealand Justice Minister: Govt Will Not Reconsider Internet Disconnection
France refuses citizenship to man for his degrading attitude toward women
Autism diagnoses take South Korea by surprise -- Some families are in denial after U.S. and Korean researchers discover in a Seoul suburb the highest rate of autism ever measured in a general population.
North Korea defectors take to the Underground Railroad
Canadas Auditor General slams government over secrecy on G8 spending plans
Peru approves 10 year ban on GM crops.
Hedge funds use land grabs in Africa to boost their profits in the food and biofuel sectors. Theyve also displaced millions of farmers in the process.
UK &amp; other European countries must be forced by law to restock their seas so fishing industry has long-term future, demands the European Fisheries Commissioner
Obamas secret War: Drone strikes renew in Yemen amidst civil unrest
Missing gay blogger in Damascus Might be a hoax
In Saudi Arabia, Royal Funds Buy Peace for Now --- The kingdom is spending $130 billion to pump up salaries, build housing and finance religious organizations, effectively neutralizing any opposition.
European parliament refuses to release expenses report.
Citigroup reports hundreds of thousands of breached online banking accounts.
Chile volcanos ash cloud forces flight cancellations across South America
Pirate Bay, MegaUpload, and others blocked by Malaysian government order to ISPs
Toxic radioactive caesium has been found in sludge at a treatment plant in Fukushima, while radioactivity has also been found in sewage in Tokyo. 
Silvio Berlusconis record. The man who screwed an entire country
Survey: strontium widespread in Fukushima
Radioactive strontium detected 62 km from Fukushima No. 1 plant: Shits hitting the fan now.
Mexican drug cartels have taken cruelty up a notch, says one drug trafficker: kidnapping bus passengers for gladiatorlike fights to the death
Andersen Cooper exposes the onslaught by the Syrian government in the most complete manner we have seen yet - elderly getting beaten up, children tortured and brutalized, and soldiers defecting and escaping.
Christchurch hit by 5.5 earthquake
BBC News - Germany recognises Libya rebels as sole government
Despite the Berlusconi-controlled media encouraging voters to stay home, 57% of Italians turn out to vote in national referendum: 95% of those vote to maintain public, non-profit water services, to repeal nuclear development initiatives, and to block trial immunity for ranking government officials.
King Abdullah of Jordan has bowed to demands for reform, saying future cabinets will be formed according to an elected parliamentary majority. 
Gay girl in Damascus is really a guy in Turkey
British fear American-style healthcare system
6.0 and 5.5 Earthquakes hit Christchurch, New Zealand in quick succession 
Third day of riots in China
New setback for Berlusconi. Referendum in Italy cancels nuclear power projects and privileges for prime minister
Chinas Wealth Drain: New Signs That Rich Chinese Are Set on Emigrating
Chinese migrant workers have clashed with police for a third consecutive night outside the southern city of Guangzhou. 
A prototype airport checkpoint has been revealed, designed to help passengers get to their boarding gate with dignity
Belgium goes a year from elections without government
Syria Gay Girl in Damascus blog a hoax by US man
Israel plans to destroy 35 villages; angers residents who have lived in the Negev for years.
The Japanese city of Hiroshima has pulled out of the bidding to host the 2020 Olympic Games.
BBC News - US Navy stopped North Korean vessel bound for Burma
Jordan Protesters have pelted the motorcade  of the King with stones and bottles
The response to Fukushima was marked by crippling mistrust
Germanys Nuclear Phaseout - Irate Power Companies to Sue Berlin For Damages
Two years after Irans marred election, hard-liners anything but triumphant: President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who was declared the 2009 winner by a landslide, and his aides have been dismissed by conservative rivals and clerics as a deviant current in Irans theocracy
Syrian troops detain hundreds of villagers: Assad has launched a retribution attack on village of Jisr al-Shughour after deaths of troops
Libyan rebels have broken out toward Tripoli from the opposition-held port of Misrata, cracking a government siege as fighters across the country mounted a resurgence in their revolt against Muammar Gaddafi.
LulzSec strikes again
$6.6bn in US cash for Iraq rebuilding stolen - Middle East, World News - Independent.ie
Goodyear blimp pilot advises passengers to jump ship moments before its explosion in Germany. Pilot and Australian native, Mike Nerandzic, died a hero.
Turkey Arrests 32 Anonymous Members
More than 70 percent of 29,284 firearms found in Mexico originated in the US
Resisting the Arab Revolution - First Cracks Appear in Saudi Arabias Forced Calm
Bill Gates pledges an extra $1bn to fight disease, asks for help to save another 4 million lives.
1,000s of protesters and security forces clash in China 
New Egypt? 7,000 civilians jailed since Mubarak fell 
The Same Financial Firms Responsible For Our Economic Crisis Are Driving Us Toward a Global Food Disaster
THE Syrian governments attempts to conceal the extent of the crackdown in the country have taken on an Orwellian quality.
The Italians have cast their ballots -- and for the second time in a few weeks, Silvio Berlusconi was left holding the short stick. The country voted against nuclear energy and against the privatization of waterworks. But it has also become clear that the country has tired of its leader.
32 Anons arrested in Turkey after government website attacks
Greece has finally become the country with worst credit rating
In Mexico, Growing Popular Movement Calls for End to Drug War - Traumatized by years of violence that have done little to curb the trade, Mexican activists are touring the country, demanding a new approach.
Source of Libya viagra-mass-rape story: a woman who claims she sent out 70000 questionnaires and received 60000 responses, of which 259 women reported sexual abuse at the hands of soldiers
Syrian Unrest Stirs New Fear of Deeper Sectarian Divide --- After recent events, Turkish and American officials say they believe that some of the business elite have begun to turn against the Assad regime
Nepal free of landmines five years after civil war
Japans cabinet approves bill to bailout TEPCO who will face a total of 10 trillion yen ($124 billion) in compensation claims and will have to raise its electricity charges by 16 percent from next year to cover the costs
McKinney said: NATO air strikes, quite unlike what NATO says, keep hitting non-military targets.
China will not use force in South China Sea disputes
Kings sexual proclivities confound even Swedes: 
King Carl XVIGustaf has plunged the monarchy into a crisis because of allegations that he visited strip clubs, allowed a friend to pay a gangster to cover up the scandal and lied to his subjects.
Violent Crime Soars in Athens
Arab League states call for suspension of Syria
South China Sea: China vs. Vietnam -  Amid the escalating dispute over territorial waters, Chinas rivals are toying with a simple idea: change the name of the sea.
Vancouver Canuck fans riot after Stanley Cup loss. (Live)
Japan: three months after the quake
Obituary: Mietek Pemper --- 
Polish Jew, born 1920. Friend of Oskar Schindler. Secretary to commandant of Plaszow labour camp, Amon Goeth. Persuaded Schindler to save Jews from Auschwitz by employing them to build arms for Nazis. Drew up Schindlers List
Sri Lanka: Killing Fields video evidence builds case for war crimes - Channel 4 News
Taiwan deletes simplified Chinese from official sites
For The First Time Ever A Woman Is Running For The President Of Egypt.   They call her the woman who is like a hundred men. She calls herself a girl of the revolution.
Thousands of Vancouverites volunteer to clean up the city after last nights riots.
Pakistan is blocking food and water from reaching a remote base used by the US for its secret drones programme, severely hampering counter terrorism strategy, according to a senior American official.
 Brazil says pro-marijuana rallies are legal  
 The magical realism of body counts 
6.6 earthquake hits Papua new guinea
China and allies back Russia against U.S. missile shield
Egypts al-Karama party wants to cancel peace treaty with Israel 
June 17 is I will drive the car myself day in Saudi Arabia. Correspondent Caryle Murphy finds out whats it like driving while female in Saudi Arabia.
Police commander and his wife slain in Jurez
In Greece, we see democracy in action.  Thousands of people come together daily in Syntagma to discuss the next steps. The parallels with the classical Athenian agora, which met a few hundred metres away, are striking.
Video provides evidence that undercover police provoked the violence at Barcelona parliament demonstration.
Turkey says it will do everything can to help people fleeing Syria.
A powerful explosion has hit the Nigerian police headquarters in the capital, Abuja, officials say.
Syrians vow to overcome violent crackdown by Assads troops, The violence is keeping many at home but it is not breaking the movement  demonstrators refuse to bow to government pressure
India: A famous yoga instructor, who has a TV show with 30 million viewers, began a hunger strike to oppose government corruption and was joined by tens of thousands.
The worlds most dangerous countries for women
Europe Faces Lehman Moment as Greece Unravels
Photos: Riots, fire, destruction after Vancouvers loss
Wooly mammoth tusks among items seized by Russia customs
Lone man stands up to rioters in Vancouver. This is our city. What the fuck are you doing? (crossposted from r/canada)
Today, Saudi women defy driving ban and take the drivers seat en masse!
South Korea rejects Norths demands for return of defectors
Fukushima: Its much worse than you think
Disturbing Images of The Vancouver Riots. 
Ban on gang culture haircuts in school is indirect racial discrimination, judge rules 
This photo essay of a Ukrainian interrogation room is so incredible that I had assumed the lead image was just a staged photo illustration. Its not; it took the photographer 5 years to be allowed access.
French burka ban descends into farce 
Israeli President warns: Were galloping at full speed toward a situation where Israel will cease to exist as a Jewish state.  He states that those rejecting the 1967 borders (e.g. Israeli PM Netanyahu) will lose the worlds support.
The liabilities of the Greek Government, including pensions, is $1.2 trillion dollars, which is more than $250,000 for every taxpayer
Canada, a nation that takes pride in its reputation for peaceful coexistence, wrestled with questions about possible flaws in the national character after a riot in Vancouver
Suicide rates are increasing in Japanese regions most effected by the tsunami and nuclear disasters |
	
		The Australian
		Danish F-16s running out of bombs over Libya 
			One in four Britons to have names on police database - A quarter of Britains population will have their names logged on a new police database despite millions of those having had no convictions, it has emerged.
			Dubai says no to body scanners -- Full-body scanners will not be introduced at Dubai International Airport, police have confirmed
			Chinese officials stole $120 billion, between mid 1990 to 2008, fled mainly to US.
			Fatal floods hit China forcing over 500,000 to flee: Days of torrential rain have forced the evacuation of hundreds of thousands of people in central and southern China. 
			Satellite Pictures Of Chinese Ghost Cities
			Vote as I say: Independent candidates for elections appear to be a spontaneous step too far for the Communist Party 
			First Rhino Poached in Swaziland in 20 years (warning: somewhat graphic photos and video)
			Moroccos King Mohammed VI has announced proposals for constitutional amendments in a landmark speech.
			Syrian people refuse to back down to intimidation
			Austerity anger in Greece threatens the government  and the whole European economy
			Syrian forces open fire on protesters; 16 killed
			Vancouver Looter Turned In By Parents
Worlds oceans in shocking decline
Vancouver police received 1M pics and 1000 hrs of video of the Stanley Cup riot
A minor girl is raped and hanged from a tree inside a police station. Police brutality touches a new low in Uttar Pradesh, India
LulzSec and Anon uniting for global hacking attacks
War crimes: The world has seen the evidence. Now we must act - In Sri Lanka, Libya, Bahrain and elsewhere, human rights abuses are being recorded and the evidence is on the internet The Guardian
Postcards from Hell, 2011
Brazils high court OKs Marijuana Marches - The court ruled in favor of Marijuana Marches as an expression of free speech, overturning several state bans.
 What makes the IMF think its right about Greece? Much of the world remains mired in the worst downturn since the Great Depression; a downturn that the IMF totally failed to predict
 We Will Not Get Involved in Syria - The US has been critical of Germany for not supporting NATO in the mission in Libya. SPIEGEL spoke to German Defense Minister Thomas de Maizire about Berlins skepticism of getting involved in Libya and Syria, and about the future of the NATO alliance.
Israel arrests four girls, two 15 year-olds, a 16 year-old and a 20 year-old for torching Palestinian vehicles as well as other acts of revenge against Palestinians as part of an a unofficial revenge policy by right-wing Israeli extremists.
Madrid Euro-pact protesters take to streets: Tens of thousands of protesters have taken to the streets of Madrid and other Spanish cities in a mass march against austerity measures, social spending cuts and unemployment. 
The 2011 Failed States Index.
Internet body throws open domain names - Big corporate firms will soon be able to replace .com with their own suffixes that identify their own brand
Very interesting Bilderberg insight from a guy who was a member for 10 years.
Germany set to turn back to coal, gas and imports to fill energy gap left by its exit of nuclear power
With 1.2 Billion Inhabitants, India Cant Find Anyone To Be Their Hangman
Almost half the worlds refugees are from Iraq or Afghanistan, according to a new U.N. report
Libyan rebels have proof of  rape and torture of women by Gaddafi loyalists
6.5 Earthquake hits Chile
Nato admits civilians died in Tripoli bombing raid
BP, Shell ban hoodies at Gold Coast petrol pumps after armed robbery epidemic 
Civilians including two toddlers among nine dead as NATO admits Tripoli raid killed innocent Libyans.
The committee called the disappearance of the money a financial crime but said U.N. Security Council resolutions prevent Iraq from making a claim against the United States.
European governments failed to agree on releasing a loan payment to spare Greece from default, ramping up pressure on Prime Minister George Papandreou to first deliver budget cuts in the face of domestic opposition. 
Worlds biggest airliner loses wingtip after striking building at Paris Air Show - two months after doing the same thing in New York
19-year-old suspected of being mastermind behind computer hacking group LulzSec arrested in UK
The cores at Fukushima are laying on the concrete and melting THROUGH the foundations of the reactors. The government wants to build an subterranean dam, but TEPCO is fighting against it.
The British Are Now Preparing For Greece To Go Bust, And The End Of The Euro.
 Dutch parliament set to approve bill that, if passed, will set an example in Europe as the strongest net neutrality law on record
 Loyalists open fire on police as 500 riot in Belfast - The violence is being described as some of the most serious seen in Northern Ireland for years.
As the world becomes more interconnected, it becomes harder to stand up for human rights. But, says Germanys Deputy Foreign Minister, it becomes all the more important.
2011 Failed State Index
Bank of Canada unveils new plastic bills.
Video footage of a Tamil journalist apparently executed in the final stages of Sri Lankas bloody civil war underscores the need for an urgent international inquiry, the Committee to Protect Journalists said today.  - CPJ
Report: Mexico catches top leader of La Familia drug cartel 
Vancouver: After the Riot [pics]
Hong Kong declares scarlet fever outbreak - Thousands infected  in the city &amp; elsewhere in China
The UK government may have lost the 2011 census to Lulzsec
Syrian security forces have shot dead seven people after government supporters and opponents clashed in three cities, activists say.
Chilean court blocks plan to build five dams and hydroelectric plants in the countrys Patagonia region
Australias two major airports face 48 hour shut down as Chilean ash cloud drifts across the south of the country
Greek government wins confidence vote
Time wars --- 
How a huge new clock in Mecca is reviving a century-old clash over what time it is
A Map without Israel - Swatiskas intertwined in the Star of David, a map of the Middle East with Israel missing, boycotts of Israeli products: Germanys far-left Left Party, many feel, has a growing anti-Semitism problem. The issue threatens to divide the party.
NATO airstrike in Libya kills 19 civilians
Running out of money for food? Buy riot gear! --North Korea
Palestinian President Abbas says that Palestinians will not turn to the UN if they are given an alternative solution from Israel, US and Europe
Industrial Strength Censorship : What Sarkozys Civilised Internet Looks Like
Germany frees last Red Army faction activist
NATO confirms drone helicopter lost in Libya: US surveillance drone lost near Zliten, as Libyas state television says aircraft was downed Apache attack helicopter.
Video smuggled out of North Korea. Children begging, army starving. More evidence of famine within the secretive State. 
In Zurich, tram operators can change traffic lights in their favor with a touch of a button and make cars wait for them.  Just one way Europe is making driving less convenient to encourage mass transit, cycling and walking.
French president says post-Fukushima abandonment of nuclear makes no sense as he announces push for new technology.
The melted nuclear fuel is sinking toward water under the ground...underground barrier needed - TEPCO says wait.
Serengeti Highway Canned: Victory for Animals!
Journalist Robert Fisk faces libel action for pointing out Bahrain-Saudi alliance
The German Government Will Pay Up - Leading German economist Stefan Homburg argues that euro-zone members should not bail out Greece, who is making a profit from the crisis and explains why he himself is buying Greek bonds. I believe in the boundless stupidity of the German government. 
Fantastic photos from the German invasion of Poland and the Winter War
Please Hacker Dont Hurt Us: The Medias Coverage 
Of LulzSec Has Been Cowardly and Pathetic
Google chairman warns of censorship after Arab Spring: The use of the web by Arab democracy movements could lead to some states cracking down harder on internet freedoms, Googles chairman says.
Flotilla will be allowed to unload cargo at port of El-Arish in Egypt, where it will be checked and then transferred to Gaza via land.
4 top Khmer Rouge leaders face trial for first time - Charges include genocide &amp; crimes against humanity over deaths of up to 2,000,000 Cambodians under Pol Pots regime, 1975-79
Bill Gates puts his money to work in the developing world
TEPCO halts cooling water circulation due to leaks in the 4km-long pipe system. NHK TV also reported that TEPCO started the system without checking it for leaks first -- it only ran for 90 minutes.
Bolivia moves to end dependence on foreign seed firms: Bolivian President Evo Morales, has signed a new law which aims to ensure food security for his country. 
Enter the dragon to save the euro: It is in the interest of cash-rich China to help resolve the eurozone debt crisis, but Chinese premier Wen Jiabao, who is visiting Britain and Continental Europe, will want a share of the Wests buying power in return
Arab kings: How to keep your crown -- The kings of Morocco and Jordan have made some shrewd pre-emptive moves 
Saudi Arabian Torment Of Migrant Workers --- I worked from 5am to 1am, almost every day. I got up to make the children breakfast, got them ready to go to school, cleaned the house all day, and in the evening my employers would go out and come back at midnight and want dinner
After sustaining a 10cm long open chest wound while trimming her horses mane, Swedens emergency response services refused to send an ambulance, suggesting the 11-yr-old girl take aspirin instead
French banks agree to defer Greek loans 
ICC (International Criminal Court) issues Gadhafi arrest warrant 
Activists: Israeli pressuring Greece to stall Gaza flotilla
Peru revokes licence of Canadian mining firm Bear Creek
Russia to privatize state airline Aeroflot - Russia will sell almost its entire stake in the state-owned airline Aeroflot as part of a national programme to get the government out of business, a senior official said Monday.
Greek unions urge huge anti-austerity strike turnout - Air traffic, buses, trains, postal services and hospitals are all expected to be hit, while police in Athens were also preparing to handle big demonstrations in Syntagma Square.
Netherlands bans kosher and halal animal slaughter
France to invest one billion euros in nuclear power 
Canadians Win Battle to Keep Asbestos Off of Hazardous Materials List (?!)
Hackers are being radicalised by government policy
Afghans build super-cheap internet out of rubbish
Israeli forces attack clown demonstrators
North Korea shuts down universities for 10 months 
Scandinavian activists in the Gaza-bound flotilla say someone sabotaged their ships propeller while the vessel was docked in a Greek port
General Strike brings Greece to a halt
Egyptian policeman sentenced to death for killing protesters
Greek Police Using Teargas On Protesters And Riots Are Breaking Out At Syntagma Square
China told to reduce food production or face dire water levels: Food must be imported and water use tightly regulated to protect dwindling supply
Stunning photographs floods in China 
Libya rebels capture Gaddafi arms bunker near Zintan: Libyan rebels have captured a major complex of underground weapons bunkers from Col Muammar Gaddafis forces in the west of the country. 
Water use in China &amp; the Middle East is an environmental Ponzi scheme
We May Be Naive, But We Are Not Idiots - He built Pakistans nuclear bomb and is accused of having sold his knowledge to Libya and Iran. In an e-mail interview, he now explains why he accepted sole blame for the accusations at the time and points a finger at the Pakistani army. 
World Bank appoints Lehmans Risk Officer 2002 - 2007 as Treasurer 
The Country Where Slavery Is Still Normal: How a perfect storm of ethnic divisions, natural disaster, and political turmoil made Mauritania a 21st-century slave state
UN ratifies Venezuela for sixth consecutive year as a territory free of illicit drug cultivation
Germany has agreed to supply bomb components and other military ordnance to NATO forces involved in the Libya conflict. Berlin originally abstained from a UN Security Council vote to back the intervention.
Greek protests turn violent
South Korea braced for North Korean provocation as tension mounts
City of Sydney officially declares 1788 settlement of Australia an invasion |
	
		News.com.au
		The Truth about 88 --- Openly Nazi symbols such as the swastika are banned in Germany, so neo-Nazis get around the law by using coded combinations of letter and numbers. A new book explains the meaning of such codes, and reveals that far-right style is becoming increasingly diverse and hard to spot.
			48-hour general strike has left Athens at a standstill - A 48-hour general strike has begun in Greece, bringing public transport and services to a halt. As protesters gather in Athens, the Greek government continues to debate a fresh round of austerity plans.
North Korea slashes food rations to 150 grams of rice per day.  One hundred grams of rice produces about 250-350 calories
BBC News- Stabbing burglars will be legal
Iceland Declares Independence from International Banks
Russia cuts off power to Belarus
Police forces can no longer put anyone out on bail for more than 96 hours without either being in a position to charge or release them.
After the four days is up, officers can no longer question suspects and can only re-arrest them if they have new evidence, the ruling says.  - UK
Protesters turn Athens into war zone after vote in favor of austerity bill 
Almost 40 million Brazilians climbed to middle class in the last eight years
 Five Saudi women drivers arrested, says activist. For the past two weeks Saudi women have been driving through the capital, Riyadh, and other cities in a challenge to the ban.
 France confirms arming Libyan rebels
Fresh clashes in Cairos Tahrir Square: 590 injured as police fire tear gas at thousands frustrated by slow pace of change since Egypts revolution
Bin Laden was detached from al Qaidas new generation of commanders and buying and selling gold before he died
Part of The Think Tank Google Ideas, Google has invited former extremists  gang members, religious radicals and neo-Nazis  to meet with activists, survivors, academics and public sector officials in Dublin to discuss ways of de-radicalizing violent extremists using modern technology. 
Two French journalists who were kidnapped by the Taliban in Afghanistan have been freed after more than 500 days in captivity.
Protesters in Cairo call for resignation of military council chief Gen Mohamed Tantawi
Arab uprising prompts Chinese crackdown: Rights groups say Beijing moving against dissidents after fears of copycat Arab revolt.
Sony shareholders, at annual meeting, demand senior management resign, citing the companys destroyed reputation in the aftermath of repeated security breaches
Dublin Dr Pepper oldest and original bottler sued by Dr Pepper Snapple group.. Give it a read if youve ever tried the stuff
          
          More than 500 slaves rescued
          Moldovan police seize enriched uranium
          Clinton Stirs Controversy At African Union Summit By Saying African Economies Would Fail Without Womens Toil
          Battle breaks out in Tahir Square, once again
          Is free speech on the way out?  India faces new threats to freedom of speech as technology advances and citizens gain more access to information.
 Six Moldovan uranium smugglers arrested
 A 16-yr-old website owner from Liberec, faces years in prison for linking to copyrighted material after being caught by Czech Anti-Piracy Union
Chinas ruling Communist Party will face a challenge in 2012 from a record number of independent candidates running in local elections without the partys direct approval.
Russian court bans Scientology literature as extremist
Chinese faked photograph leaves officials floating over street of shame
Turkey tells West it might launch offensive against Syria
Daughters of the brothel - former sex workers try to end trafficking in India - Al Jazeera English
 North Korean defector learns to live outside the worlds biggest prison | World news | guardian.co.uk 
 The presidency of U.N.s Conference on Disarmament is now held by North Korea
Bolivia protests for right to grow coca: Bolivia has withdrawn from a UN convention that puts coca leaves in the same league as cocaine and heroin
Scottish nuclear reactor must be shut down after cooling filters get clogged with jellyfish
Denmark Police Wants to Ban Anonymous Internet Use: They are recommending that identities be verified before someone is able to log on to the internet
More than four million PCs have been enrolled in a botnet security experts say is almost indestructible. - Oh Fuck. 
British government officials approached nuclear companies to draw up a co-ordinated public relations strategy to play down the Fukushima nuclear accident just two days after the earthquake and tsunami in Japan and before the extent of the radiation leak was known
Belarussian police have arrested at least 100 people holding a silent rally against the government in the capital, Minsk.
US extends drone strikes to Somalia
Girls are being converted into boys in Indore - by the hundreds every year - at ages where they cannot give their consent for this life-changing operation.
French woman sues secretive Catholic society, Opus Dei, claiming to have been brainwashed by them
China opens worlds longest sea bridge
France confirms Libya arms drops. By arming civilians, France becomes first NATO country to admit supplying weapons to rebel-controlled areas in Libya.
Gaza aid flotilla: Irish crew accuse Israel of sabotage
 China is Heading for a Hard Landing
 The Syrian military and the governments security forces have largely withdrawn from one of the countrys largest cities.
An Unbelievable Video Of Police Brutality In Greece Today
Germany votes to end nuclear power by 2022
Rights lawyers in China harassed, tortured
South African lesbians fear corrective rape --BBC
 China opens worlds longest sea bridge - 26 miles long
Being told to kill peaceful civilians is the most brutal thing that ever happened to me, says defected former sniper.
A Incredible Rare Look At Life In North Korea [pics]
Hama, Syria: thousands of anti-government 
protesters unfurl a mile-long flag. Today is dubbed 
the Friday of Go Away by Syrian activists.
Danish company restricts death penalty drug
Bahrain orders citizens living abroad to spy on other expats and sign loyalty pledges
12 people killed in Jurez in less than 24 hours
Hugo Chavez admits cancerous tumor.
Germany - When advisers working for a bank recommend a particular stock or bond to an investor, as of July 1 they will also have to hand over a leaflet laying out how the particular financial instrument will work, what risks are involved and how market fluctuations can affect future yields.  
Marathon length:
China celebrates opening of the worlds longest sea bridge - supported by 5,200 pillars
A group set up to counter lobbying from the Banking 
sector was officially launched today
Massive anti-government protest in Qaboun, suburb 
of Damascus, today (Friday July 1, 2011). Activists 
claim more than 30,000 people in attendance in 
Qaboun alone. The Syrian governments promises 
of dialogue have done nothing to keep protesters 
off the street.
The abuses of austerity: A new plan to cut Greeces debt looks doomed to fail
Greece to Receive Up to $124 Billion in New EU, IMF Financing 
Rebels in Libyas west gain ground: Aided by NATO airstrikes, they move within 50 miles of the capital. But they sense a bloodbath coming, with civilians caught in the crossfire.
Dominique Strauss-Kahn Will Be The Next President Of France
Gaza-bound boat: Greek commandos forced us back
Japanese Cancer Expert on the Fukushima Situation
Danish drugmaker seeks to prevent use of drug it makes in American executions
Fukushima children test positive for internal radiation exposure
Morocco to vote on King Mohammeds reforms: Moroccans are preparing to head to the polls to vote on a series of constitutional amendments and reforms.
Its All Greek to Them --- 
What Europeans just dont get about Greece. Hint: Despite appearances, theyre not all lazy anarchists.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez reveals he has been stricken with cancer and has undergone surgery in Cuba
China arrests 36 for fraud on Alibaba and other sites: Chinese police have arrested 36 people connected with operating an online fraud on Alibaba.com and other websites, the company has said.
Chinas communists mark 90th, hail partys success
For three months in a row, deforestation rates in the Amazon have risen as much as 400% compared with same months last year
Vietnam Era Weapon, Agent Orange, Being Used to Clear the Amazon
The Bahamas announces ban on commercial shark fishing.
My Summer At An Indian Call Center --- Writer learns to pitch mobile phone contracts to Australians. College was unknown there until recently, so speak slowly. Technologically theyre somewhat backward. If you call on a Friday night, theyll be smashed
The families of 7/7 London terror attack victims may have had their phones hacked by the News Of The World as they waited for news after the bombings.
Anonymous post source code and blacklist data of a Dutch ISP after the ISP decided to act on govt requests to censor Internet traffic
Anti-PowerPoint Party formed in Switzerland, wants a referendum on banning the use of presentation software
French company fined 25,000 euros for altering Wikipedia article of its competitor; they tracked the company based on the IP address of the submission
A Silk Road for the 21st century: Freight rail linking China and Germany officially begins operations 
Sex workers say they will die to save brothels
Australia launches world-1st plain cigarette pack laws
The Portuguese are dismayed that the spelling of their language is being driven by Brazil, a former colony.
 Somalia food crisis reaching unimaginable proportions
 Can a biography of the Prophet of Islam, be told without controversy or cliches? It would appear not. But the BBC is going fr it.
Spanish island to be first in world to be powered solely by renewable energy
Pyeongchang, South Korea named as host city for 2018 Winter Olympics 
In South Korea, all textbooks will be e-books by 2015
EU parliament backs national bans on GM crops
US airlines sue EU over emissions caps - US-based airlines have launched a challenge against the European Union over including them in the EUs emissions trading scheme. The companies say the bloc doesnt have the right to regulate intercontinental air travel.
The European Commission has strongly criticised international credit ratings agencies following the downgrade of Portugal by Moodys.
Iceland to Debate Prescription-Only Cigarettes
Murdochs  News of the World  investigator targeted families of dead soldiers.
Relatives of members of armed forces killed in combat told their details appear in Glenn Mulcaires notebooks
World Trade Organization rules Tuesday that Beijing violated global rules by restricting exports of nine raw materials used in the manufacturing of high technology products. 
China shows the world nuclear can be safe by developing liquid fuel thorium reactors
Swiss company cancels deal to sell cement to Gaza flotilla organizers
Generations of Pork - How Greeces Political Elite Ruined the Country
12 year old girl ends life to donate eyes to dad &amp; a kidney to her brother
What The Papers Wont Say --- 
On Britains phone-hacking scandal. Obviously, News of the World and News International are to blame. But so are politicians of both sides, for being frightened of Rupert Murdoch. And other newspapers, for keeping quiet about it
Powerful 7.8 earthquake hits New Zealand
For The Moment, Visa And MasterCard Reopen Payments To WikiLeaks
NYT supports UN report that warned against overzealous attempts by democratic states to  censor the Internet. Nobody should be banned from the Internet. It is a fundamental tool for enabling free speech
More Advertisers Boycott News Of The World: Ford, Mitsibushi, The Co-operative Group, Vauxhall, Lloyds Banking Group and Virgin Holidays have suspended adverts in the News Of The World over phone hacking claims
James Murdoch announces News of the World to close amid phone-hacking scandal (BBC)
North Korea paid Pakistan for nuclear weapons technology
The Royal British Legion has cut ties with the News of the World as its campaigning partner amid claims the paper may have hacked into the mobile phones of bereaved military families.
Now London Police probe the The Sun
While a bit dated, this shows that the wikileaks cables paint a far more nuanced picture of American diplomacy than simply one of nefarious manipulation
The Big Three rating agencies can determine the fate of entire countries. Now Portugal is under pressure after Moodys downgraded its debt to junk status. European politicians want to create an alternative, even though they helped give so much power to the agencies in the first place.
Just so you dont think that News of the World was a one time thing, here are the Top 10 NewsCorp scandals
David Cameron is in the sewer: The disgusting revelations concerning his friends and associates from Rupert Murdochs News International has permanently and irrevocably damaged his reputation
Rupert Murdoch Meets His Ahab
Former News of the World editor Andy Coulson to be arrested over phone hacking
Today Kenya becomes the first country in Africa to launch a national open data initiative. 
Another priest, more victims of predatory sexual behavior, but this time in a country basically run by the Vatican. (They only reopened the case after the Vatican found the priest guilty.) Extra points for guessing the country before reading. 
South Sudan: the birth of a new republic
Iraq abuse ruling by European court says UK failed human rights role | World news | guardian.co.uk 
Last Wild Camels in China Could be Saved with Embryonic Transfer Technique Perfected in U.A.E.
 Pakistan Expands Nuke Arsenal
 Is Murdoch free to destroy tabloids records? | Reuters MediaFile
Portugal Celebrates 10 Year Anniversary of Decriminalizing Drugs 
EU Upset by Microsoft Warning About US Access to EU Cloud: Members of European Parliament demand to know what lawmakers intend to do about the conflict between the EUs Data Protection Directive and the US Patriot Act
A simple invention, a bottle of water and a couple teaspoons of bleach, is bringing light to the slums of the Philippines.
BBC News - News Corp withdraws bid for BSkyB
Rupert Murdoch is bleeding cash trying to save plummeting News Corp: The growing phone hacking scandal has sent News Corps shares down 13% since the story first broke; the share price collapse had wiped more than $5bn off the market value of News Corp; Murdoch has personally lost $2bn
An Austrian atheist has won the right to be shown on his driving-licence photo wearing a pasta strainer as religious headgear
Israeli police will not face trial over killing girl 
because while the courts agree there is no debate 
the police shot her, it happened in 2007 and that is 
too long ago now.
Mumbai: Explosions shake Indias financial hub
And let me also say this. The people involved... however high or low they go must not only be brought to justice they must also have no future role in the running of a media company in our country. 
- British PM David Cameron
Some of the worlds most famous clothing brands, including Nike, Adidas Puma, and H&amp;M are using suppliers that pour toxic chemicals into Chinas rivers
UK student Richard ODwyer, operator of TVShack.net, is facing extradition proceedings to US. His mother asks that people help Richard so that he can face justice at home
CIAs Fake Vaccination Drive Angers Public Health World
Egypt to sack 700 police over killing of protesters
Nearly half of Swazi women in their 20s and Swazi men in their 30s are HIV positive. Nearly half.
UN torture official accuses US of rule violations 
A bank in Ireland has been banned from paying bonuses, except where permitted by the Government or following a court order, for two years as a condition of the latest State bailout. 
Full Manning-Lamo Chat Logs Released
Mumbai rocked by three bomb blasts - at least 10 dead, 100 reported injured
Radioactive meat circulating on Japanese market: The meat, delivered late last month, has made its way to consumers and most likely has been ingested, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government said
Three bomb blasts have been reported in Mumbai in the crowded Dadar, Opera House and Zaveri Bazar areas;  at least 15 injured
Most Irish drink harmfully and more than anyone else in Europe - Most Irish people drink in a harmful manner and our per capita consumption of alcohol is among the highest in Europe, a new report from the HRB reveals today. 
Egypt to sack 700 police over killing of protesters: Almost 700 senior police officers in Egypt are being removed from their jobs over the killing of protesters during the revolution earlier this year.
      Israeli PM agrees to renew peace talks based on 1967 lines
    
    Riots in Northern Ireland-in pictures 
    Japan intends to send its whaling fleet back to the Antarctic this year, a senior official has said
    Greece suffered another sovereign downgrade on Wednesday, when the Fitch agency slashed its credit worthiness by three notches further into junk status and only one grade above default.
    Who is more powerful - Murdoch or Parliament? 
Wikileaks: New Zealands Three Strikes Law was Pushed, Bought and Paid for by the US
George Clooneys Satellites Capture Piles of Bodies, Mass Graves in Sudan
UK Cyclists use viral video to track down alleged attacker. Six weeks later, the police had failed to make an arrest despite having clear photographs of the assailant and the numberplate.
News International have just confirmed that Rebekah Brooks has resigned
CBC provides an interactive list of Rupert Murdochs holdings
Indonesian maid spared from beheading in Saudi Arabia, only because her government paid blood money for her life
Dow Jones CEO Les Hinton resigns amid News Corp 
phone hack scandal
Murdochs Are Next Target as Brooks Steps Down
OSCE, the worlds largest security-oriented intergovernmental organization, issued report that explicitly states that a three strikes law is a disproportionate response to dealing with copyright infringement
Activist takes Germany to court over nuclear warheads - A Cologne court has begun hearing the case of an activist intent on having Germany remove US nuclear warheads being stored at a military base located in western Germany.
Syrians mount biggest protests so far, 12 killed
The Bacon Uprising -  How Chinas demand for cheap pork is devastating Brazils rainforest
Pro-whaling Japan, Iceland, &amp; a number of Caribbean &amp; African nations walk out of meeting in protest of a proposed whale sanctuary in the South Atlantic
News Corp faces storm clouds ahead; could Fox News be finished?
China will eventually surpass the United States as the worlds premier superpower, if it hasnt already, according to the latest survey by the Pew Global Attitudes Project
`N. Korea purges 30 officials involved in inter-Korean talks 
Bethlehems taps run dry as West Bank Israelis continue to fill their swimming pool - The National
Gaddaffis regime officially not recognized by more than 30 states.
Silvio Berlusconi may have screwed Europe  not just Italy
EU now wants to ban ratings agencies from warning that countries may be in financial trouble
Iraq to execute Saddams half-brothers within a month
Hadopi, French copyright cops: were swamped with three strikes complaints
As thousands of Syrians flood streets in anti-govt rallies across country, security forces open fire; 14 killed
BP Unveils Drilling Rules Tougher Than US Regulations
The Mexican army says it has discovered a huge field with mature marijuana in the northern state of Baja California.
Rebekah Brooks husband accidentally has computer thrown out
China Executes Corrupt Officials for Taking Bribes 
Nearly One Quarter Of Met Police Press Officers Worked For News International, Police Chief Says
The first (named) reporter to blow whistle on News of the World executives being aware of phone hacking has been found dead. His death is currently being treated as unexplained, but not thought to be suspicious
LIVE NOW - Phone Hacking - BBC news coverage
Why India Cant Feed Her People --- 
Production of food per head is shrinking. And much of what is grown is lost or wasted. Main culprits are primitive farming methods and poor distribution infrastructure. India wastes more grain each year than Australia produces
Someones coming to get me: Terrified phone-hacking whistleblower feared for his life before he was found dead.
Former Fox News Producer Claims The Networks Brain Room Led To Hacking
Reuters did a special report on Murdochs hands-on supervision of his papers 
Giant Oil Spill Reaches Chinese Coast - Its polluted about 4,250 sq kilometres (1,650 square miles)
NZ three strikes copyright bill comes into effect 1st Sep 2011: A NZ$25 charge has been set, which rights holders will have to pay if they want an ISP to deal with an infringing user. But AFACT want ISPs to pay the copyright costs
Syria forces fire on funeral procession; 10 die
German Economics Minister Philipp Rsler, who was adopted into a German family from Vietnam at a young age, insists that he never had problems because of his background. He speaks about integration, discrimination and what it means to be German.
Egyptian state television has begun broadcasting live coverage of the corruption trials of officials who served under President Hosni Mubarak.
Taliban execute 13 Pakistani police officers
India: Massive uranium find in Andhra Pradesh
[BBC] Murdochs hearing: A day of high drama and 
farce
Murdochs to face phone-hacking grilling. News Corporation chief and son to answer questions in British parliament as scandal intensifies.
Murdoch may lose grip on News Corp
Libyan rebels pushed back from Brega: Rebels tackle host of land mines outside Brega after coming under fire from Gaddafi forces.
Italy PM Berlusconi placed under formal investigation on suspicion of pressuring state TV to shut news talk show
Iranian animal lovers are ignoring a fatwa on dog ownership and frequenting popular websites like Woof Woof Iran Digital Pets and Persianpet to pick their favorite canine, study dog grooming or swap pet tales
Top British police going up before Parliament - live transcripts
Israeli navy intercepted a French-flagged flotilla headed for Gaza
More UK Police Complicity Revealed: CPS drops charges against 109 UK Uncut activists
The Times of London (a News International paper) publishes most offensive cartoon yet in response to hacking scandal
Ghana orders the arrest of ALL homosexuals in the western region of the country
Wanted: New Birth Control Choices for Men
How Finland became an education leader: Harvard professor Tony Wagner explains how the nation achieved extraordinary successes by deemphasizing testing
Aussie police shut Greenpeace HQ, seize evidence.
Brazil indicts 3 people for the murder of 2  environmental activists in the Amazon  - The couple had been opposing the eviction of rural workers from land owned by a local farmer
Canadas crime rate at lowest level in almost 
40 years
Waterfalls flow upwards in extreme winds (southern Australia)
Scotland Yards Most Senior Officers Tried To Convince Guardian Not To Cover Murdoch Hacking Scandal
Irish PM in unprecedented attack on Vatican: Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny has launched an unprecedented attack on the Catholic Church in parliament. 
Ghana Calls For Arrest of All Gays, Officials Warn Lynching Could Follow
Police close Australia Greenpeace HQ after activists destroy genetically modified wheat crop
Russian oligarch Lebedev (who already owns 4 UK newspapers), plans to buy News of the World and give it a slightly different spin.
Neo-Nazi pilgrimage grave of Rudolf Hess destroyed
Australia may seize Guantanamo prisoners book cash
Killing of infants on the rise in Pakistan
Looks like the people of Malawi are the next group trying to overthrow their oppressive regime. 18 protesters killed today.
James Murdoch contradicted by his legal manager
News International dropped by Olympics partner 
after hacking scandal
British phone-hacking probe expands beyond Murdoch papers
Critique of Cloud by Richard Stallman: Internet users need to swim against the stream if they want to protect their privacy.
BBC News - Chinese state oil firm buys Canadian oil sands producer
NZ denies Israel spying charge
Suspected Serbian War Criminal Goran Hadzic Captured.  Path to that nations EU accession may now be open.
While most Arab states sit on the fence, Qatar is standing up to Damascus over an attack on its embassy
Police in Sydney are trying to defuse a bomb that has been strapped to a teenage girl
Greece to decriminalize drugs.
MP who doggedly hunted News Corp execs was warned by Rebekah Brooks she would pursue him for the rest of his life
Italy approves draft law to ban burqa 
Randi Zuckberg: I think anonymity on the Internet has to go away
 Israels secular middle class strikes back --- Protest over housing costs starts to turn into confrontation with the government. Could crack open issue of why so much taxpayers money is spent supporting unproductive ultra-Orthodox
 Chinese agency downgrades U.S. credit rating
Ex-soldiers sentenced to 6,000 years in prison for Guatemalan massacre
Saudi Arabian lawmakers have put a draft law before the Shura Council that would in effect criminalise legitimate dissent.
Ukraine to save bears from forced vodka drinking
FINALLY! U.N. Security Council condemns Syria over crackdown
NATO investigates BBC reporters death in Afghanistan. A local news agency has suggested he was killed by US troops.
Paralysed womans tries to claim 6m damages from friends father after getting drunk and diving into the shallow end of his pool. Fails.
Deforestation in Brazils Amazon accelerated in June, with over 300 sq kilometers destroyed, a 17% increase over the previous month
One of our islands is missing
Egypt: Trial of ex-President Hosni Mubarak to open
Libya Allying With Islamists, Qaddafi Son Says: The liberals will escape or be killed, vows Seif el-Islam el-Qaddafi . . . Libya will look like Saudi Arabia, like Iran. So what?
Head of Radioisotope Center at University of Tokyo, Prof. Kodama, testifies on how serious Fukushima fallout really is
Syrian tanks occupy main Hama square, shell city-residents and besiege protest hubs --- All communications have been cut off. The regime is using the media focus on the Hosni Mubarak trial to finish off Hama, one of the residents told Reuters 
As Italy Crumbles, Berlusconi Hosts Another Bunga Bunga Party
Poll: Muslims, atheists most likely to reject violence
Cull of 30,000 pet dogs ordered after deadly rabies outbreak in Chinese city of Jiangmen but experts say plan unscientific and inhumane
Rape as a Weapon of War: Men Suffer, Too - Global Spin - TIME.com
I have always been interested in physics and chemistry, Handl said, adding he just wanted to see if its possible to split atoms at home.
Interview with an Utya survivor -  This is police, youre safe. Thats the trick he used. 
People are being slaughtered like sheep: Gunmen in plainclothes are randomly shooting people in the streets of the besieged Syrian city of Hama and families are burying their loved ones in gardens at home for fear of being killed themselves if they venture out to cemeteries, a resident says.
Ethiopia using aid as weapon of oppression. Villages who voted for the opposition are starving near well-fed communities
BBC News - Wall Street and global markets tumble on debt fears
Syria has killed over 2,000 demonstrators during the Arab Spring
Based on Portuguese example, Britains Liberal Democrats want inquiry into decriminalising drug possession
Philippine President meets with MILF separatists
Internet Evolution - 
The War on Web Anonymity 
 Iranian youths arrested for public water pistol fight in Tehran, due to government fears of mixed-gender play and the effective use of social media
 New Zealand bans sale of 43 legal weed products designed to mimic marijuana high
Riot police in the Chilean capital, Santiago, are 
using tear gas and water cannon to break up 
demonstrations by students demanding educational 
reform.
Another British Journalist Admits to Phone Hacking  This Time at the Guardian  
Chile student protests against Right Wing government explode into violence
Sex strike works in Colombia, authorities bow to demands 
Gadhaffis retreating forces leave landmines
Syria demonstrators rally despite crackdown: Friday protests across the nation, a day after Assad announces political concessions and US says he has lost legitimacy.
Officials in China Seized Infants for Black Market, Parents Say
Fjordman (the Norwegian counterjihad blogger who inspired Breivik) reveals identity
26 police officers resign in northern Mexico town
Chinas Manhattan Knock-Off -- On a peninsula southeast of Beijing, developer Vincent Lee literally wants to build a copy of New York City
Niger Delta left with $1bn oil pollution clean-up bill - 
Damage worse than thought, says UN
NATO Airstrike Kills Gadhafis Son
Libyan rebels claim Gaddafi son killed: Rebel spokesman says Libyan army commander Khamis Gaddafi killed in NATO airstrike on Zlitan, a claim government denies.
Has Turkey taken an authoritarian turn? Some say Turkeys civilian government has conspired to discredit the military and consolidate power.
EFF: Mexican Newspaper Uncovers Systemic Monitoring Plans of Public Online Sources
Yingluck Shinawatra Voted In As Thailands First Female Prime Minister 
This is serious Reddit - London riots spreading.   Looting and violence in three London areas in broad daylight - more expected. Birmingham too.
Speculations circle as to why the London riots have 
become so big, but the answer is quite obvious
The Loud Awakening of Israels Secular Middle Class -- In the largest protests in the countrys history, more than 300,000 people demanded economic reform and help from the government 
There is a context to Londons riots that cant be ignored
David Cameron announces recall of parliament over riots. Prime minister also says number of police officers on streets of London will be increased by 10,000 to 16,000. 
Tottenhams young people are rioting as they see no future
Devastating pictures of before and after of the London riots. If youre in the city, stay safe. 
UK Riots have spread to new areas of London and looting has erupted in the cities of Birmingham and Leeds, as Britains worst clashes in decades extended into the third night.
Libyan rebels retake Bir al-Ghanam, which puts them only 85 km from the capital Tripoli
Anger in Japan Over Withheld Radiation Forecasts
Google will fund Bletchley Park restoration project: Bletchley Park is where Alan Turing, the father of Computer Science, and his team broke German ciphers and likely shortened World War II by 2 years
A list of all the websites Rupert Murdoch owns, and  two browser add-ons to block them.
Riots have broken out in Liverpool, UK.
Last Australians troops depart Iraq 
London riots: police prepare to use plastic bullets if violence continues.  Previously, British security forces using the non-lethal projectiles killed fourteen people, including nine children. 
Video: London riots: Woman confronts rioters in Hackney - Telegraph
Sales Of Aluminum Bats On Amazon.uk Are Up Over 5,000% As Riots Continue
Britains Home Minister says water cannon and the army will not be called in to handle riots
Riots: the underclass lashes out
Interesting development in the UK: IPCC determines that Mark Duggan actually didnt shoot at police before they killed him, the police really did overrespond perhaps
Australias Aborigines forced off of their land by government 
Al-Jazeera: London Burning day 3 in pictures
After Attack, Reclusive Amazon Tribe Feared Missing
Special US commandos are deployed in about 75 countries around the world...An almost industrial-scale counterterrorism killing machine.
ConocoPhillips Slow to Clean Up Oil Spill in Chinas Bohai Sea - 
The US company has yet to stop the leak -  The slicks, which have spread 1,200 sq km (460 sq miles) since the leak was discovered  June 4, are alarming environmentalists, fisherman &amp; coastal communities 
Google admits handing over European user data to US intelligence agencies, most likely in violation of European Union data protection laws
Oh dear... David Cameron wants to stop people using social networks if they are using it for ill and is asking the police if they need new powers to do this.
If the UK government restricts social networking in answer to the riots, what separates it from the Arab tyrannies and China?
Broadcasters defy Camerons call to hand riots footage to police. BBC and ITN say police must follow proper procedure of obtaining court order to avoid compromise of editorial standards
Is News Corp In Charge of Fox? Or Vice Versa? Even Rupert Murdoch is Afraid of Roger Ailes. You know Roger is crazy, Murdoch recently told a colleague, shaking his head in disbelief. He really believes that stuff.
China releases 600 million bees to combat moths
Finland joins the Ottawa Convention, banning the use 
of anti-personnel land mines.
A Mexican terrorist organization sent an explosive device to a professor due to his research in nanotechnology. The group claims to be against the nanotechnology revolution in fear of a nanomachine take over that will mean the end of civilization
The Gorbachev Files: Secret Papers Reveal Truth Behind Soviet Collapse
Migration of men from Armenia leaves whole villages almost entirely populated by women
The British media is a gang of hypocrites, says Chinas state-run magazine Global Times in wake of riots.
Cameron Denies Poverty as a Cause for Riots in London
Britain considers mask ban; may use army if unrest continues
UK tells Iran happy to talk human rights after riot criticism
Riots: Tiny Sikh news station coverage shames major TV channels
Israel to build 1,600 more settler homes as a response to countrys economic protests. 2,700 more homes will be approved shortly
With budget cuts leading to the loss of facilities that kept many inner-city youths occupied, experts predict a rise in crime (July 29)
Hostage situation at the Estonian Ministry of Defence
Secret network of racists exposed in Denmark, preparing for a showdown with immigrants and traitors.
Many London rioters were from the middle and upper classes
Anarchy and Austerity: Why London Wont Be the Last City to Burn
Israel approves guidelines for medical marijuana
Norways killer may have filmed his massacre
London rioters: a primary school worker, a postman, an 11-yr old boy w/2 phones, millionaires daughter
Why Are They Using Baseball Bats Instead of Cricket Bats in the U.K. Riots?
If we dont want our young people to tear apart our communities then dont let people in power tear apart the values that hold our communities together. - A nice little take on the riots
Coal-Black Alien Planet Is Darkest Ever Seen
Going Godless - Non-believers are often more educated, more tolerant and know more about God than the pious. A new wave of research is trying to figure out what goes on in the minds of an ever-growing group of people known as the Nones.
Fishermen in slavery in NZ waters: Indonesian seafarers are being beaten, raped and forced to eat rotten food in slum-like conditions aboard Korean-owned fishing boats, according to a New Zealand study.
Police arrest 20 y.o. man for robbery of Malaysian student
Pakistani soldier filmed shooting dead unarmed man in a Karachi park is sentenced to death 
Sentencing begins for UK rioters: student with no previous gets 6 months for stealing 3.50 of bottled water from Lidl. 4 months for using threatening language to a policeman. Law student denies involvement and is refused bail.
Surprise in UK as many accused looters turn out to be middle class, employed 
Japan considers canning whaling program
Marx was right: capitalism can self-destruct. Economist Nouriel Roubini says the risk of a global recession is greater than 50%, and the next 2 to 3 months will reveal the economys direction. Roubini also says hes putting his money in cash. This is not the time to be in risky assets, he says.
Japans nuclear agency hides radiation results
Iran offers to send peacekeeper troops to UK
Africa Rising - Africa Taking its self out of Poverty (A story I have waited years for) 
Its a Pattern: Oddly enough, English rioters not looting bookstores
Dutch stamp collector goes missing in North Korea.  Winds up in newspaper praising elections.
China pushes US oil giant, ConocoPhillips, to get to work cleaning up massive oil spill &amp;, while theyre at it, to issue a public apology for missing its deadline 
Shell fighting oil leak off Scottish coast
Having followed the debates on religion and freedom of expression at the United Nations over the last several years, I have become accustomed to passing on bad news. Now that there is some good news, almost no one has noticed.
Ed Miliband Links Riots to Banking and Expenses Scandals.
Drug Dealing, Counterfeiting, Smuggling: How North Korea Makes Money
David Cameron is widely ridiculed for suggesting social media blocks
New leukemia treatment exceeds expectations - 
turns HIV variant into cancer-killer
Japan ignored own radiation forecasts
The Pakistani paramilitary soldier who shot an innocent and unarmed man on video and watched him bleed to death is sentenced to be executed.
Vladimir Putin scuba dives in Black Sea - 
Wearing a wetsuit and showing off his scuba diving skills Vladimir Putin collects ancient artefacts from the bottom of the Black Sea as he continues to portray an action man image to the Russian public. 
Pakistan let China see stealth chopper from bin Laden raid
Excellent war map of fighting in Libya
Essex police charge man over water fight planned on BlackBerry Messenger
29-year-old Tibetan monk dies in self-immolation protest in southwest China. He was heard calling for the return of the Dalai Lama and freedom for the Tibetan people.
North sea oil spill worst for a decade - 
The government has described the leak as substantial &amp; estimates that it could be several hundred tons
25 Ordinary Citizens Write Icelands New Constitution With Help From Social Media
Israel approves 277 new homes in West Bank settlement
The World Should be Watching Tahrir Square
Russias Arctic sea gra - Russia is expected within months to claim to the United Nations its right to annex about 380,000 square miles of the Arctic.
At least 34 people have been killed in a twin bombing in the south-eastern Iraqi city of Kut, Iraqi officials say.
Second Tibetan Monk Immolates Himself - NYTimes.com
Syria unrest: They are shooting anything that moves
South Koreas president is calling for peace and cooperation with North Korea as the rivals try to set aside decades of animosity and pursue dialogue. 
Rebels have taken the key town of Zawiya, and appear to have Tripoli surrounded on three sides. How much longer can Gaddafi hold out?
Hello World: Israel is Out-Classing You in Civil Disobedience
BlackBerry Ban lifted in Saudi Arabia.... after 20-year old brit was arrested for a water fight
A Politically Dangerous Proposal - Europe Pressures Merkel to Accept Euro Bonds
Radiation contamination leaves Fukushima schools 
unable to drain pool water
Iraq foots the bill for its own destruction
Govt says North Sea oil leak biggest in decade
German boy told to clean up calls cops over forced labour
Pittsburgh Father and Son Return to Libya to Fight Against Gadhafi.  Die Clutching Each Other in Their First Battle.  Listen
China orders petrochemical plant shutdown after protests
BBC News - Syria unrest: Palestinian refugees flee camp, says UN
German Far-right party stirs uproar with step on gas election ad... 
Argentina: Judge orders all ISPs to block the sites LeakyMails.com and Leakymails.blogspot.com - which publish relevant documents exposing corruption of the political class and the powerful in Argentina
The Dutch government has released 100 million euros in frozen assets from Moammar Gadhafis regime to the World Health Organization. The funds will buy medical supplies for victims of the ongoing conflict in Libya.
They Were Truly Idiots --- Mikhail Gorbachev, 80, discusses the last days of the Soviet Union, his failure to resolve problems with the Communist Party and the ensuing bloodshed he says still troubles him today. He also accuses Vladimir Putin of pulling the country back into the past.
Catholic student arrested in Madrid (Spain) while planning sarin gas attack against a secular demonstration during World Youth Day
England: Four years jail for inciting disorder on Facebook
Photo of bag-carrying ambassador charms China - we dont do things for ourselves
Legalising drugs a solution to the violence in Mexico?
Syria is having embassy staffers photograph and track anti-regime protesters abroad, send the info back to Syria, and then torturing protesters families still living within the country [article also in comments]
Dag Hammarskjld: evidence suggests UN chiefs plane was shot down
Hamas rulers ban students with scholarships to study in the US from leaving Gaza
Phone hacking: James Murdoch admitted that News International paid hush money to a phone hacking victim, despite telling MPs that they didnt try to buy his silence
Archbishop Desmond Tutu calls for Wealth Tax to be imposed on white South Africans.
For Two Nights in a Row, Luxury Cars in Berlin Are Lit on Fire
Nearly five years since the Mexicos president Calderon declared war on drug cartels, there has been no drop in violence or trafficking
Britain Will Force Convicted Rioters to Clean Up
The explosive truth behind Fukushimas meltdown. Japan insists its nuclear crisis was caused by an unforeseeable combination of tsunami and earthquake. But new evidence suggests its reactors were doomed to fail.
Spanish police prevent terrorist attack: fundamentalist arrested for plotting chemical attack against those protesting the cost of the Popes visit.
Russia showed off its next generation stealth fighter for the first time at a highly-publicized air show today [16 August 2011], as the best and most expensive stealth fighter jets America has to offer sit idle on the tarmac.
The riots in Britain were political  and they are part of a wider global anger at governments that commit daylight robbery
The Catholic archdiocese of Dublin is close to a state of financial collapse, according to leaks
Israel protests have wide support: Benjamin Netanyahu could be in trouble.
Poaching Threatens Swedish Wolves - Extinct by the 1970s, the population has since re-established itself after a few migratory Finnish wolves appeared.  Today, all 250 Swedish wolves have descended from these few founding individuals.
UK Teenager given 120 hours community service, a 12-month youth rehabilitation order and a 3 month 6am - 7pm curfew for supporting the riots.
As New Zealand braces itself for a 3 strikes-style scheme law, TelstraClear CEO Allan Freeth says  punishing consumers isnt the answer and that business models requiring new legislation in order to function are flawed and need to be changed
Reporters Without Borders condemn decision by Egypts Supreme Council of the Armed Forces to prosecute a blogger, Asmaa Mahfouz, over several messages criticizing the council that she posted on Facebook and Twitter
Canadian Opposition Leader Jack Layton Dies.
Saif Al Islam Captured. Green Square Liberated. Libya is almost free!
Why Iceland Should Be in the News, But Is Not
Wiki war: 3500 unpublished leaks destroyed forever as Assange hits out
Professor Juan Cole: Top Ten Myths about the Libya War
Poland Sold Arms to Libyan Rebels
Rhinos threatened with extinction to meet demand for bogus cancer cure: Once a rhinos horn has been hacked off, they leave the animal to bleed to death. The price of rhino horn is 35,000 per kg, making it more expensive than gold.
NATO is bombing Gaddafi compound in Tripoli
Canadian opposition leader Jack Layton dies at 61
Gaddafis son captured live on television
From Hiroshima to Fukushima: Japan to Declare Wide Area Uninhabitable Due to Radiation
Syrian pro-democracy protesters emboldened by Libyan rebels success
Gadhafi says hell stay in Tripoli until the end
The United States, the European Union (EU) and Arab nations want to set up an international inquiry into atrocities by Syrian government forces.
Japanese government expected this week to declare a large zone around the Fukushima plant uninhabitable, perhaps for decades
Amid violent crackdown, Syrias protesters get creative: Evolving tactics, like flash mobs and night rallies, keep Syrias uprising non-violent in the face of a brutal crackdown.
In Ireland, Ghosts of Towns That Never Were - 
 
With photos of ghost estates, where homes are unfinished or empty  &amp; haunting
Deadly Tornado in Ontario
112 year old ex-Army man joins anti-corruption protests in India
Coulson got hundreds of thousands of pounds from News Int 
Human trafficking outpaces drug trafficking
Libyan Rebels pull back from heavy fighting.
Japan: 6,000 people hold a protest against Fuji TV, upset that they are airing too many Korean Dramas
Rebels Control 90 Percent of Tripoli, Amidst Fighting
Peter Ackroyd: Rioting has been a London tradition for centuries 
Three years after the Lehman Brothers bankruptcy, the financial industry has become a threat to the global economy again. Governments missed the chance to regulate the industry, and another crash is just a matter of time.
Nato drops leaflets on Tripoli (pics of the designs)
Muammar Gaddafis son Saif al-Islam NOT captured, as previously reported
Scientists say farming needs to become holistic - Radically overhauling farming could both boost food production and protect the environment, scientists say. Paying for environmental services is one step that could also help people and the planet at the same time.
The company that does the disabilities assessments for the UK government (the ones with the 40% - 70% error rate in favour of no, youre fine) is attempting to shut down websites critical of them via legal threats. 
Inspired by Libya, Chinese Netizens Want Chinas Communist Regime Also Overthrown
Germany lost a giant today: Loriot, our funniest and most humane humorist of the last decades. He was loved by everyone and no one could make fun of the german character like him.
Libyan rebel interviewed by SkyNews wearing Gaddafis hat
Andy Coulsen, disgraced former press adviser to 
David Cameron, was being paid by News 
International while working for the Conservative 
Party.
Australia Passes CO2 Offset Laws, Carbon Pricing Next - 
Parliament endorsed worlds 1st national scheme that regulates the creation &amp; trade of carbon credits from farming &amp; forestry, to complement govt plans to put a price on carbon emissions from mid-2012
Cisco and Abuses of Human Rights in China - Are companies that build and market equipment for the purpose of surveilling and censoring pro-democracy activists in authoritarian regimes culpable when those activists are imprisoned or tortured?
Israel-Gaza Ceasefire Lasts an Entire Day - At least one Palestinian is killed and others are injured after a rocket fired from an Israeli drone hit a civilian vehicle in west Rafah, in south Gaza Strip, medical sources said
An Indian effort to pioneer a non-surgical, reversible vasectomy has run into an unexpected hurdle: no volunteers
How to get $12 billion of gold to Venezuela
Libyan rebels asks leader of UKs Libyan Jews to run for office in Libya that should include women and Jews
Gaddafis son Saif al-Islam NOT in rebel custody after all.
North Korean leader arrives by armoured train on first visit to Russia in nine years.
Dominique Strauss-Kahn: **prosecutors** ask judge to dismiss sex charges
Both the Philippines and Vietnam shop for warships in territory dispute with China.
The fighting is not yet over in Tripoli, but the scramble to secure access to Libyas oil wealth has already begun.
Nearly 100 PKK members killed in Turkish air raids in north Iraq
      Ferry runs aground after captain stuck in toilet
| Reuters
Japans Premier Naoto Kan Stepping Down
Proof that the Chinese government launching online attacks
E.U. Elites Keep Power From the People
Brazilian Wind Power Now Cheaper Than Natural Gas
To save 2.4bn a year, Spains socialist government has passed a law forcing doctors and pharmacies to prescribe generic drugs rather than the more expensive brand names sold by pharmaceutical companies
A new era in U.S. foreign policy: The Libya intervention is so significant precisely because it did not follow the traditional pattern of U.S.-led interventions... --Fareed Zakaria
UN: 13-year-old Palestinian boy killed by Israeli fire last weekend, was actually killed by a Palestinian rocket that misfired.
Overpopulation isnt causing the famine in the Horn of Africa.  Its the political economy.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said on Tuesday he will only recognize a Libyan government led by his friend and ally Muammar Gaddafi and accused the United States of inciting the countrys civil war.
349 Cable Leaks from Libya were released
Facebook Like button declared illegal in German state: Data protection comms office ordered website owners to immediately stop the passing on of user data to Facebook in the USA by deactivating the respective services and threatened to take legal action if they fail to comply
Five years after journalist Anna Politkovskaya was murdered in Moscow, Russian police now believe the contract killing may have been organized by one of their own. A retired officer was arrested on Tuesday on suspicion of being involved in the murder.
Clooneys satellite project shows new evidence of mass burials in Sudan
Palestinian elections postponed again.  This time indefinitely.
Captive journalists walk free from Tripoli hotel
Japan: Fukushima robot operator publishes tell-all diaries and videos, now offline
Brazils plans to extract an unprecedented 30 billion barrels of oil from reserves locked in deepwater sub-salt fields 60 miles off the coast &amp; up to 5 miles underwater.  Its spending $226 billion to reach it -- $127 billion will be spent on exploration &amp; production alone.
Japan gets downgraded amid great challenges - Japans credit rating has been downgraded days before the nation was due to see its sixth new leader in five years, with Prime Minister Naoto Kan set to resign over his handling of the March 11 disasters.
North Korea ready to impose nuclear moratorium, declares Kim Jong-il
Gaddafi vows no surrender after rebels overrun Tripoli compound: Libyan strongman Muammar Gaddafi vowed martyrdom or victory in an audio message delivered from hiding.
The UN and Red Cross confirm being attacked by the Israeli military during the 2008 war on Gaza
Russia: Cargo rocket crashes in Siberia 
Moodys cuts Japans debt rating on deficit concerns: Rating agency Moodys has cut Japans long-term sovereign debt rating, citing concerns about the size of the countrys deficit and borrowing levels.
Turkey prepares for ground assault on Kurdish rebels in Iraq - Turkish forces have begun massing on the Iraqi border ahead of an expected attack on Kurdish rebels in the neighboring countrys mountainous northern region. The attack would follow days of airstrikes on the area.
A Defiant Qaddafi Speaks to a Tripoli Radio Station -- Qaddafi says residents must cleanse Tripoli of rebels
CIA is helping New York Police to spy on Muslim communities in th US
The One Billion Dollar Question: Who Are the Libyan Rebels?
Zimbabwean farmers grow Nigerias green revolution
Most important of all, the United States should support the Palestinians bid for recognition as a state at the United Nations. Israel has demanded for decades that the Palestinians drop violence and turn to diplomacy to achieve their goals. That is what going to the United Nations is. Diplomacy.
Grenade attack at Casino Royale in Monterrey, Mexico. 8 confirmed dead, 12 injured and over 40 trapped. 
How Israel takes its revenge on boys who throw 
stones
Saudi beheading accomplishments-The beheading of Ruyati  executed in June for her killing of an allegedly abusive Saudi employer  stirred such revulsion
Explosion hits UN building in Abuja, Nigeria
Libyan activist freed from prison after 14 years of virtual isolation. He had no idea of the uprising occurring in his country and thought that the rattling of gunfire and thuds of explosions this past week were Gods trumpets heralding the moment of his death.
A suspected meteorite has been caught on film soaring across the sky over the Peruvian city of Cusco (Video)
Evidence suggests Gadaffis daughter did not die in 1986 bombing as claimed
Mexican gunmen set casino on fire, killing 32 and injuring dozens more
Dangerous cybercrime treaty pushes surveillance and secrecy worldwide: Canada and Australia are using the controversial Council of Europe Convention on Cybercrime treaty to introduce new invasive online surveillance laws, many of which go beyond the Conventions intended levels of intrusiveness
WikiLeaks: US diplomat posed as Korean tourist in undercover visit to China tiger farm
The Lap of Luxembourgery --- In the dark heart of Europe lies a nation rotten to the core. A secret banking haven. Where democracy is a joke. Were talking Luxembourg. Worlds highest per capita GDP. Just as well. Also highest debt: $3.76m per capita
The Kingdom of Magical Thinking - Widely assumed to be a fabulously wealthy welfare state, Saudi Arabia is in fact an economic basket case waiting to happen. 
Blast Hits U.N. Building in Nigeria 
China and Russia boycott sanctions against Syria
Pakistani slain governor Salman Taseers son abducted: The son of assassinated Punjab governor Salman Taseer, who was killed in January for opposing the blasphemy law, has been abducted, Pakistan police say.
Dangerous Cybercrime Treaty Pushes Surveillance &amp; Secrecy Worldwide
The Crimes of Col. Qaddafi - By Christopher Hitchens
Gaddafi feared full US invasion.. attempted to enlist a Left-wing US congressman to travel to Libya as part of a stop the war lobbying campaign
Teen shot in Chile anti-Pinera protest dies. Local radio said witnesses blamed police for firing the shots.
Bolivian Mennonites jailed for serial rapes
European farmers buying knock-off pesticides containing solvent the EU banned because its a huge problem for pregnant women
Kim Jong-il: Tactical genius --- To survive as a fierce little dinosaur in a world of mammals entails not only sharp venomous fangs to snarl at everyone, but also animal cunning. Keep em scared, and then outwit them. 
As Venezuelas crime rate soars, devotion to a very particular group of saints known as the Santos Malandros (Thug Saints) is becoming widespread. 
32 dead in attack on casino in northern Mexico
Luxury, horror lurk in Gadhafi family compound
Disneys best-selling Cars toys are being made in a factory in China that uses child labour and forces staff to do three times the amount of overtime allowed by law
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei remained largely silent after 81 days of imprisonment and a government order to not speak out after his release. He has just written a scathing critique calling Beijing a constant nightmare
A story missing from our media: Icelands on-going revolution
African Union says Libyan rebels may be indiscriminately killing black people
Germany and Greece plan biggest solar panel array 
ever: 10GW of generating capacity
The Baltic miracle continues: The economies of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania surge ahead 20 years after their independence from the Soviet Union.
Al-Jazeera Network demands Israeli authorities immediately release Samer Allawi, Al-Jazeeras Afghanistan Bureau Chief. Mr Allawi was arrested by Israeli official without reason while on vacation with his family in the occupied West Bank.
US misused our intel to justify Iraq War, says German ex-spy chief
Gaddafis wife and three children in Algeria
Catholic clergy abused children for decades in County Donegal. Report is expected to claim police were complicit in cover-up of sexual abuse by priests and lay members of the church.
Thai censorship critic strikes back at snitch Web host
Chinas biggest relocation project yet:  Plans to move 3 million people and reroute the Yangtze River are underway.
Tax us more, say wealthy Europeans
One of Taiwans best regarded hospitals mistakenly transplanted HIV-infected organs into five patients after a hospital staffer misheard the donors test results by telephone.
Scared Mexicans try under-the-skin tracking devices - The Washington Post
Gaddafis girl executioner: Nisreen, 19, admits shooting 11 rebel prisoners, now she is shackled to hospital bed awaiting justice
Nigeria: Too Big to Fail -- From corruption to sectarian division to terrorism, Africas most populous country (and one of its most oil-rich) could find itself spiraling out of control
Bird flu fear as strain mutates
Syria forces surround town after defections: Troops backed by tanks deployed around Rastan after tens of soldiers from the area reportedly defected.
Labour seeks law change to stop News Corp renewing BSkyB bid
Nepal elects Maoist leader as new prime minister
The daughter also rises --- Women are storming emerging-world boardrooms | The Economist
Taiwan hospital transplants 5 HIV-infected organs
Libya: Stench of dead bodies and garbage fills streets 
Chinese doctors to call for bear farms to be closed
Japanese breakthrough will make wind power cheaper than nuclear
Israel sends 2 warships to Egyptian border; Iran set to send fleet to area as well
News Corp. Hunkers Down: Murdochs to Testify Under Oath -- A British High Court will hear the testimonies of top News Corp. executives in October
Futuristic airships planned for North
Blair and Bush planned Iraq war without second UN vote, letter shows
Israeli military arms settlers in preparation for Palestinian protests. West Bank settlers are given training before protests predicted to coincide with a Palestinian petition for UN recognition
Homelessness could spread to middle class in the UK, Crisis study warns
6 die as trashslide buries houses in Philippines
China Struggles to Protect Dwindling Panda Population
Israel Sends Two More Warships to Red Sea Egyptian Border - part of a military reinforcement there following warnings that militants are planning another attack on southern Israel from Egyptian soil 
Suspect says Mexico casino fire set over unpaid extortion money: Five are arrested in the deadly Monterrey arson as public outrage mounts, with some calls for the president and state governors resignation over the rising toll from the bloody drug war.
Strauss-Kahn returns to IMF, gets warm applause
Suspected North Korean cyberattack on a bank raises fears for S. Korea, allies
Russia and Chinas Energy Dispute and the Struggle for Eurasian Dominance - Russia is prepared to return to China the $10 billion received in 2009 and to stop transporting Russian oil to China, unilaterally abrogating the 20-year contract.
BBC journalist killed during Taliban attack may have been shot by US forces. 
Big oil companies may have to give up Iraq gas: Many of the worlds biggest energy companies may have to surrender most of the gas from Iraqs vast southern oilfields to a processing and export project led by Shell, a final draft contract between Baghdad and Europes biggest company
Nato fighter in mid-air collision with Lithuanian plane
Indian government victim of major targeted malware attack
Syrian protesters killed after Eid prayers: Seven people reportedly shot dead by security forces at the start of the Muslim Eid al-Fitr holiday.
Foreign Firms Helped Gadhafi Spy on Libyans
Important rebel leaders in Libya are allied to al-Qaeda
Julius Malema supporters clash with South Africa police:South African police have fired stun grenades at supporters of controversial ANC Youth League leader Julius Malema ahead of his disciplinary hearing.
Libyan Rebels Reportedly Used Tiny Canadian Drone 
- NYTimes.com
Turkish airstrike campaign killed 160 Kurdish rebels -- Turkish jets bombed Kurdish rebel bases in northern Iraq in a series of air strikes last week which killed up to 160 rebels, Turkish officials say.
Worlds 7 billionth person about to be born
In many German cities, Muslim arbiters, or peace judges, are settling criminal cases before law enforcement can bring the cases to court. That is undermining Germanys rule of law, according to a new book.
China jails Tibetan monks for 13 years as accessories to murder for burning suicide
A tale of two cities: Its been 2 years since the city 
of Windsor Ontario had a murder - minutes away 
230 homocides in Detroit since January
Germany kiboshes body scanners at airports - Body scanners being tested at Hamburg Airport are so error prone that the German government has decided not to introduce them across the country for the time being.
Pakistan to ban encryption software
French Report: Legal Punishment for Filesharing as Severe as Manslaughter
The Gadhafi Family Album
Special forces raid BP Moscow offices
Pakistani Man Murders Six Daughters in Honor Killing
When Germany eliminated conscription this year, an extensive civil service program for conscientious objectors also came to an end. A new program launched to replace it, however, has not found enough volunteers. Now, many service organizations are facing shortages.
Hong Kong has seized nearly two tonnes of elephant ivory worth about $1.7 million hidden in a shipment from Malaysia and detained a local man over the haul, customs authorities said Wednesday. 
Chinese factory workers make vehement appeals to i-pad giant APPLE for providing medical compensation for poison affected workers who worked in making touchscreens for i-phone.
In southern Mexico, about 500 indigenous Mayans - some of them linked to Zapatista rebels - have converted to Islam and pray in a mud-hut mosque.
Fewer young Swedes use condoms - Every other Swede aged 25 to 35-years-old opts not to use a condom when having sex with a new partner, a new survey shows, raising fears of an explosion in sexually transmitted diseases.
A Spanish town is recreating the annual Celtic wedding festival of Lughnasadh, which sees couples get married for just one year 
Boeing rejected Gaddafi proposal for spying on Libyans; other companies had less compunctions
Libyan man murders three daughters after they were raped by pro-Khadafy troops
NATO Propaganda Leaflets Found in Tripoli [Pics]
Former Qaddafi Mercenaries Describe Fighting in Libyan War -- We would kill three or four in the front of the crowd and they all ran away
How dentists are saving Borneos rainforest - 
Dentists are offering free treatment to patients who oppose illegal logging
Exxon to replace BP in $500bn deal to develop Russias Arctic oil
The WikiLeaks website crashed in what appeared to be a cyberattack following the publication of State Department cables
Sarkozy warns against preventive strike on Iran
AU fears Libyan rebels killing Blacks. Libyan rebels may be indiscriminately killing Black people because they have confused innocent migrant workers with mercenaries, the chairman of the African Union said Monday.
WikiLeaks: Every law proposal, every ordinance, and every govt report hostile to the net, youth, and civil liberties in Sweden in recent years have been commissioned by the US govt and industry interests
43 die as Russian jet carrying KHL hockey team crashes after takeoff
Three Men Hanged For Having Gay Sex In Iran
China Increasingly Making Dissidents Disappear
After 9/11: airports wasting billions on needless security checks for passengers
Remember the Indian Chief Minister who used a private jet to fly a pair of sandals? Shes lashing out against the allegations and is calling Julian Assange insane. Wikileaks diplomatic cables from refer to her as corrupt and paranoid
Safe nuclear does exist, and China is leading the way with thorium - Telegraph
James Murdoch Is Toast as Ex-Employees Say He Knew Payoff Implications  
Cuba launches worlds first vaccine against lung cancer 
At least 45 people were injured and nine dead in a blast this morning outside one of the entry gates to the Delhi High Court complex crowded with visitors seeking entry into the premises. Internal security secretary said it was a medium to high intensity blast. Delhi has been put on high alert.
Turkey set to sign military pact with Egypt after cutting trade ties with Israel.
Politics in emerging markets:  The new middle classes rise up - 
Marxs revolutionary bourgeoisie finds its voice again
BBC News - Swiss move to make its safe-haven less attractive. Im quoting it at length, because its unlike any press release youre likely to have seen from a major central bank
Pro-democracy uprisings are continuing in the Middle East and the Palestinians could soon declare statehood. SPIEGEL spoke with Arab League General Secretary Nabil Elaraby about the Syrian regimes use of violence and how the US has failed to force Israel to negotiate in good faith.
UK abortion amendment defeated in the House of Commons
Chinas state-owned firms profited $313 billion in 2010, but only handed in 5% to treasury; lavish spending out of control
Death of a Syrian Doctor
Why China wants a G3 world
Jesus thumbs-up ad disrespectful
EFF: In South Korea, the Only Thing Worse Than Online Censorship is Secret Online Censorship
India and Bangladesh sign pact on border demarcation, ending a 4-decade old dispute.
Israeli settlers vandalize IDF vehicles, apparently in retribution for demolition of three illegal homes in Migron
Libyan fighters say Gaddafi surrounded: Military council official says toppled leader trapped within 60km radius and will be captured or killed soon.
Swedish artist plunges to his death in Germany
The Swedish car maker Saab Automobile files for bankruptcy in a self-managed reconstruction process.
Star of Spartacus blood and sand - dies aged 39
Egypt security forces raid Al Jazeera channel, arresting its staff
The head of Britains biggest union has urged a campaign of strikes and civil disobedience
Taliban release statement on 10th anniversary of 9/11 attacks -- categorically deny any involvement in 9/11
Lloyds insurance says the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and its banks and charities, which sponsored al Qaeda, should pay the more than $215 million the insurer has spent on insurance settlements to families of the victims of 9/11
Pope marks 9/11 by warning that religion cannot justify violence
Five arrested after police rescue 24 men kept as slaves on travellers site
BBC News - EU extends music copyright to 70 years
Poisonous Rhinos Discourage Poachers
      Turkish PM saw Gaza raid as grounds for war
with Israel | Reuters
Parents say Indian hospital infected 23 kids with HIV
More Than 60 People Have Burnt To Death After A Petrol Pipeline Exploded In Kenya
German minister advises colleagues to shun Facebook
New Evidence of Pakistans Hand in the Death of a Journalist
Swarm Troopers --- 
In Brazil, an army is being unleashed. It is an army like no other: The soldiers mission is to copulate rather than fight. And the troops are mosquitoes and caterpillars. Genetically modified to destroy their own kind 
David Cameron has raised the Alexander Litvinenko case at the start of his bridge-building visit to Russia.
Nuclear power plant explosion in France, radiation leaks feared.
Former French President Jacques Chirac and former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin received an estimated $20 million in illegal cash from West African leaders
Explosion at French Nuclear Plant, risk for radioactive leak.
Turkish Prime Minister apparently saw the Gaza flotilla raid of last year as grounds for war between Israel and Turkey. 
Ten Years After September 11 - Terrorism is an affront to the human rights movement.Yet all too often, those leading the counterterrorism charge adopted the ends-justify-the-means logic of the terrorists, thus further eroding the value of human rights
Home of Israeli left-wing activist defaced in latest price tag act: Death to Traitors
British Parliament Invites Former IRA Supporter Peter King To Testify About Muslim Radicalization: King will reportedly be the first member of Congress to ever address a committee of Parliament
150 Kenyans Incinerated While Gathering Gasoline From a Leaking Pipeline (With Video)
Key military witness fails to show up at trial of Mubarak
Japan Earthquake, Six Months Later [Pics]
Saudi Arabia threatens split with US if Obama vetos Palestinian statehood bid
Iran president: US hikers to be freed in 2 days
UN recognition of a Palestinian state receives public approval in Europe
Israel watches its old alliances crumble
Israel Fears Complete Isolation - Israels relations with Turkey are ruined, the Palestinians plan to seek UN recognition for their own state, the embassy in Cairo was stormed: Jerusalem is under massive pressure. Even hard-line Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is starting to sound conciliatory.
Britain is set to change its financial laws. Officials say its an attempt to prevent taxpayers from ever again having to spend tens of billions of dollars to save banks from collapse. Among other things, banks would be required to set aside more money as a cushion against possible losses.
Japanese Seniors: Send Us To Damaged Nuclear Plant. The Skilled Veterans Corps for Fukushima consists of more than 500 seniors who have signed up for a job that has been called courageous  and suicidal.
Chinese language learning to be compulsory in Pakistani Schools from 2013
How China dominates solar power - 
Huge loans from the Chinese Development Bank are helping Chinese solar companies push American solar firms out of the market
The woman who wants to be Egypts first female president
As much as half of North Koreas army is starving as food shortages that were previously affecting only the civilian population worsen and begin to affect institutions tasked with protecting Kim Jong-Ils regime. 
Church of Scientology in Australia facing back-pay claims: Global consequences.
Indonesia: An estimated 30,000 mentally ill people suffer in chains and cages due to stigma and lack of access to treatment
No end in sight for oil in the Gulf of Mexico - Features - Al Jazeera English
Shin Bet: Israels extreme rightists organizing into terror groups - Peace Now activist targeted with threatening graffiti in latest settler price tag attack. 
Why some Egyptians see military rulers as worse than Mubarak: Egypts military rulers this weekend broadened the use of the countrys emergency law, a despised tool of Mubaraks regime, instead of lifting as they had promised to do.
Egypt plans to revive emergency law: Egyptian security forces said they will protect government buildings with live ammunition.
Suicide bombers, gunmen attack U.S. embassy, NATO headquarters in Kabul
Australia Navy cadet filmed rape to be accepted
Youve Been Trumped: Tycoons ruthless efforts to build Scottish golf resort - How potential environmental damage has been disregarded because of the perceived benefits to the local economy
Euro-Zone Exit Scenarios:  Germany Plans for Possible Greek Default  - The rest of the euro zone is losing patience with Greece. German Finance Minister Wolfgang Schuble is no longer convinced that Athens can be saved from bankruptcy.
Italian government in bond buying talks with China: Chinas largest sovereign wealth fund is considering buying Italian assets, according to a report in the Financial Times. 
Missing: Tons of US-Supplied Nuclear Weapons Material
Dalai Lama: Mexico is not so violent, blames media for reporting the crisis
Vladimir Putin: Action Man [pics]
Sex-abuse victims urge the International Criminal Court to prosecute Pope Benedict XVI for crimes against humanity
Philip Murphy, the US ambassador to Germany, has written an open letter admonishing German jerks for racially abusing a black member of his staff in Berlin recently.
The jobless young: Left behind --- The harm todays youth unemployment is doing will be felt for decades, both by those affected and by society at large | The Economist
In India: A Hindu Woman set on fire for giving birth to girl
China Cracks Down on Gutter Oil, a Substance Even Worse Than its Name
The good news: Court exonerates wrongly convicted man of rape and murder charges. The bad news: he was executed 14 years ago.
Israels naval blockade of the Gaza Strip violates international law, a panel of human rights experts reporting to a U.N. body said on Tuesday, disputing a conclusion reached by a separate U.N. probe into Israels raid on a Gaza-bound aid ship.
Internet troll jailed after mocking deaths of teenagers
News Corp shareholders file new claims
Israel to forcibly evict Bedouins from West Bank
Peru declares state of emergency in Amazon
    U.N. experts say Israels blockade of Gaza illegal
| World
| Reuters
Desperate Guatemalans Embrace an Iron Fist: That is how desperate this country has become as gangs and Mexican drug cartels run fever-wild, capturing territory and corrupting institutions so that Guatemala will remain a safe haven for cocaine, guns, money laundering and new recruits.
EU declares end to environmentally harmful subsidies
Record numbers of golden eagles poisoned in Scotland in 2010
African women say rebels raped them in Libyan camp
Drug-resistant TB spreading fast in Europe
Credit rating agency Moodys has downgraded two French banks because of their exposure to Greek debt
Iran TV bans shirtless men and love triangles
Banned Chinese writer Liao Yiwu escapes to America, speaks for first time: In China, the biggest problem is brainwashing
High Unemployment, yet Highly Skilled Workers in Short Supply | The Economist
Netanyahu orders evacuation of Israel embassy in Jordan, fearing violent protests - Premier, FM Lieberman order diplomatic staff in Amman to return a day ahead of schedule over expected anti-Israel rallies. 
Top EU officials warn that the EU itself could fall apart in the near future.
Worlds biggest airport planned
Iran blocks Tor; Tor releases same-day fix
US tycoon Donald Trumps plea to Scotlands first minister over ugly wind farm to be built near his luxury golf resort
Berlusconi calls German Chancellor Merkel an unfuckable lard-arse
Dutch Doctors campaign against risky and painful circumcision of boys 
India to Give 6.8 million free Laptops to School children.
Taliban and Nato engage in online flamewar on Twitter
Driver refuses to let Australian Prime Minister on bus with other leaders, tells her to get on the spouses bus instead
Did anyone else miss the news that Egypt revived its emergency laws last week?
Psychological Profile Of Anonymous Leadership --- Leaked FBI document. Looks real. Anonymous a potential threat to national security. Leaders include Sabu, who shows compulsive behavior by correcting spelling on chat logs; Kayla, who claims to be a girl, but probably isnt
Exposed After Eight Years --- 
More revelations on privacy breaches by UK media. Lead investigator from 2003 inquiry says authorities knew about vast scale of industrys illegal acts for past eight years. But they were too frightened to question journalists
BBC News - New Australian passports allow third gender option
Today Denmark got its first female prime minister. Helle Thorning-Shmidt! (article not quite updated)
Egypts Military rulers activate Mubaraks repressive media policies
Rogue trader costs UBS $2bn
Shares in the Swiss bank dropped 10% after it reported the unauthorised trading loss  which could push it into the red
West Bank villagers daily battle with Israel over water
Al-Amniyr villagers in the West Bank face a catch-22: if they obey the law they cannot collect water. But if they fail to water the land, they lose it anyway
BBC News - China losing edge as low-cost manufacturer. Indonesia and Bangladesh are benefiting most as rising costs in China force firms to switch production
Welsh miners trapped after colliery tunnel collapses 300ft underground
China has called for major strategic concessions from Europe before agreeing to rescue the eurozone, chilling hopes for immediate purchases of Italian bonds. 
Hungarian toxic chemical sludge spill firm fined:  An aluminium producer in Hungary has been fined 472m euros ($646m) over a spillage of toxic sludge last year.
Malaysia to scrap strict security laws: Two controversial laws which allowed indefinite detention without trial will be abolished, prime minister says.
Poland warns of war in 10 years as EU leaders scramble to contain panic
Syrian opposition unites in new council: Syrian National Council of about 140 people to present united front against government following talks in Istanbul.
Ahmadinejads Impotence --- 
The paradox of todays Iran is that it is the ruling elites who have rendered the president politically irrelevant, not the protesters demonstrating in downtown Tehran. For many Iranians, this is a blessing and also a tragedy
BBC News - UK taking legal action against European Central Bank
The Eurozone Debt Crisis: Is This A Banking Problem? --- 
 Europe has built a monetary union with an inherent flaw  the absence of a sovereign safety net, since the debts accumulated by member states have been incurred in a currency that none controls
A glimpse of North Korea - The Big Picture
It took three years, but the music industry has finally won. The Council of the European Union, where the various member state governments all have a say, voted without discussion to increase the copyright term in sound recordings from 50 to 70 years!
Praying in Paris streets outlawed
Phone hacking: Met Police use Official Secrets Act to force Guardian to reveal sources
Egypt Protesters Call for End to Emergency Law
Anti-Roma Protests Turn Violent in the Czech Republic - For weeks there have been riots between Czech locals and newly settled Roma in northern Bohemia. What started as a series of brutal but isolated fights has grown into a popular movement in small towns along the eastern German border.
There arent many doctors in the village of Hari Ke Kalan, in the Punjab region of northern India. But for $1, residents can get an appointment in a health clinic with a physician appearing on a large-screen TV beamed in over broadband Internet
Russian officials try to keep quiet the reporting of a toxic cloud in Chelyabinsk.  
Chinese netizens angered by princelings  spoiled children of the rich and powerful
A U.S. firm is planning a massive oil palm plantation in Cameroon. But critics argue that the project would destroy some of the key remaining forests in the West African nation and threaten species-rich reserves
Mexico: Bodies of two people found hanging with sign warning websites from reporting on drug-related violence
The $2 Billion Swiss banking giant UBS Incident: Rogue Trader My Ass
Drug cartels now extorting teachers in Acapulco
WikiLeaks disclosures upset Mugabe:  Cables from Harare embassy show even Mugabes allies want him to go.
China Consolidates Grip on Rare Earths: By closing or nationalizing dozens of the producers of rare earth metals - which are used in energy-efficient bulbs and many other green-energy products - China temporarily shuts down most of the industry and crimping the global supply of the vital resources
Swiss Catholic Church reveals scale of sex abuse by priests
Bring back the cane to improve pupil discipline, say parents in UK
Spain revives wealth tax to tackle debt - Spains Socialist govt has approved the re-introduction of a tax on the countrys wealthiest as part of efforts to tackle its budget deficit. The govt had scrapped a previous wealth tax in 2008. 
Eight charged with supplying prostitutes to Berlusconi
Pakistan companies ejected from London arms fair for promoting cluster bombs
Abbas lays out Palestine UN bid
Vladimir Putin: Berlusconis Critics Are Just Jealous Of His Womanizing
The situation seems to be worsening: Bodies hanging from bridge in Mexico are warning to social media users - CNN.com
S Korea holds North defector in poison-needle plot
Prison doesnt achieve anything, says  UK Justice Secretary, speaking ahead of official figures, published yesterday, which showed that the prison population has hit another record high. 
Italy Proposes Law That Will Ban People From The Internet Based On Single Accusation Of Infringement From Anyone
Oktoberfest 2011 [pics]
A US court has overturned a block on Ecuadoreans collecting damages totalling $18.2bn from Chevron over Amazon oil pollution
Worlds Deadliest Volcano Rumbles - it blew up two centuries ago with 10 times the force of Krakatoa and caused a year without a summer 
Al-Jazeeras director-generals career at the top of the most important news organisation in the Arab world ended on Tuesday when he was replaced by a member of the Qatari royal family. It was an abrupt and dramatic move that  raises fears for channels independence.
Saudi Arabia beheads Sudanese man convicted of sorcery
UN leader Ban Ki-moon Monday accused big business of putting public health at risk to protect their own profits as he launched a summit on everyday diseases killing tens of millions each year.
Hugo Chavez orders Venezuelas $29 billion in international reserves out of traditional havens in Switzerland, Britain and the U.S. to banks of its principal creditor nations - China and Russia.
Explosion rocks downtown Turkish capital
What Wikileaks Tells Us About Al Jazeera: Is the rapidly expanding Middle East satellite television network and voice of the Arab Spring as independent as it claims?
Head of Al Jazeera resigns
Who Are the Pirates from Berlin? --- 
They are handy with computers and are interested in issues relating to the Internet. Is that all? Many Berliners have been scratching their heads about the true identity of Germanys youngest political party. But the answer is simple: Theyre the new Greens.
China closes solar-panel plant after protests. The solar-panel plant in the Chinese city of Haining was the target of four days of demonstrations by villagers who said it was causing air and water pollution. Its operator, JinkoSolar, apologizes.
Ready for change: Pirate Party is the real winner in Berlin state election  -- With 8,9 percent of the vote, the Pirate Party has successfully cleared the five-percent hurdle to win seats in Berlins state parliament. Its the partys chance to make its debut in Germany - but what is its platform?
China says supports Palestinians U.N. aspirations
Robert Fisk: Why the Middle East will never be the same again
Economy enters dangerous phase
EU issues warning after Turkey, Cyprus energy exploration row escalates:  Turkeys energy minister has threatened to launch a gas and oil exploration in the eastern Mediterranean if Cyprus doesnt abandon off-shore drilling plans. The EU has called on both countries to resolve the dispute.
More than a million people in central and western Japan have been urged to leave their homes as a powerful typhoon approaches.
Abbas presses Palestinian UN bid, despite warnings
New Devastating Pakistan Floods [pics]
Chinese bank stops FX trades with European banks
Japanese defense contractors get hit by cyberespionage effort: Attackers target missile, ship-building, and submarine facilities
Happy birthday, number seven billion
Does Germany Owe Greece $95 Billion from WW II?
Scientists claim to have broken the absolute speed barrier - particles travelling faster than the speed of light.
The first Syrian woman (18 years old) to be killed in custody - decapitated, arms cut off, and skin removed - all to put pressure on her activist brother to turn himself in.
Bill Clinton: Netanyahu to blame for failure of peace process
In a suburb of Vancouver, anti-war activists are protesting that George W. Bush not be allowed in the city for an upcoming summit, calling him a mass murderer.
Muslim nations demand Israel open its nuke program to IAEA viewing
Wikileaks cables: Chevron tried to shake off multibillion environmental claims in Ecuador by lobbying government officials, even as it blasted opponents for allegedly playing to the courts corrupt and political side
A man who burned to death in his home died as a result of spontaneous combustion, an Irish coroner has ruled. It is believed to be the first case of its kind in Ireland.
Polio outbreaks in China have been confirmed
Russia wants UN to ban anti-government propaganda on Internet
Palestinians to make statehood bid at UN
World now has more people dying from obesity than malnutrition
President Abbas receives ovation at UN
Palestinian statehood goes to UN in key moment for peace process
Thousands riot in south China over govs land grab: sticks, bricks and fists
British lawyer leading fight against News International crosses Atlantic to initiate proceedings targetting Rupert Murdoch and his son James.
Best and worst countries to be a woman.
Ahmadinejads anti-U.S. speech prompts walk-out at UN assembly
Police with the worst records of targeting black people have decided to stop recording the ethnicity of the people stopped
Palestinian Statehood: Abbas Submits Formal Proposal To The UN
Thousands of jubilant Palestinians cheer their president submit his historic request for recognition of a state of Palestine to the UN
Germany Has 5 Trillion Euros of Hidden Debt, Handelsblatt Says
Indias Bias for Boys Leads to Illegal Gender Selection Abortions
China police detain man over sex slaves in basement
Abbas Submits Palestine Statehood Bid to UN
IAEA wont discuss Israels nuclear capabilities after Arab proposal dropped:  Behind-the-scenes diplomacy at the International Atomic Energy Association leads to Arab states withdrawing their motion.
Egypts revolution has become a military coup: Egypts army, which continues to cement  and flaunt  its grip on power, appears to have hijacked the revolution
Cancer drug trial halted in UK for being too successful: Doctors at the Royal Marsden Hospital in London concluded that it would have been unethical not to offer it to all 922 cancer patients on the trial after the drug was shown to ease pain and cause only minor side-effects
Barcelona Holds its Very Last Bullfight - Fans mourn, opponents cheer
Britains Lib Dems overwhelmingly adopted a resolution supporting the decriminalization of drug possession and the regulated distribution of marijuana...
UK bans marching for 30 days
RIP Wangari Maathai, Africas first female Nobel Laureate &amp; renowned environmentalist
Saudi Arabia to give women right to vote
Saffron could displace opium poppies as Afghans cash crop of choice - The Globe and Mail
Greek students interrupt state TV news programme. The youths held up a banner reading Stop watching and get out onto the streets
You Were Expecting Statehood? --- 
As the Palestinians learned last week, the U.N. serves the interests of great powers. Just as it was meant to.
Two Tibetan Monks Set Themselves On Fire In China
Online activists hack official Syrian sites:  Several government websites defaced by Anonymous, as crackdown on protests in Homs and elsewhere continues.
HRW urge the Canadian govt to be prepared to bring criminal charges against former U.S. vice-president Dick Cheney when he visits Vancouver on his book tour next week
A mass grave with the remains of 1,700 prisoners killed during a notorious crackdown by Muammar Gaddafis regimehas been found, the countrys new rulers say.
Greece prepares to default within the euro
BRICS plan to revive the global economy 
Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa are worried about the world economy and they want fundamental reforms.
Will The IMF Save The World? --- 
A potential recession in the eurozone and a weak recovery in the United States does not make for a world crisis. Beware people who demand that the world be saved  usually they are making the case for a bailout of some kind
Zambian election results check Chinese influence in Africa:  The election victory of King Cobra Michael Sata is a blow to Beijing.
Iran, India, Pakistan, &amp; Mongolia have most polluted cities in the world - 
World Health Organisations 1st global survey of fine particle pollutants says Canadian &amp; US towns among cleanest
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Proved Israel Doesnt Want Peace
Sarkozy aides wife claims he handled bags of cash for illegal political funds - Europe - Independent.co.uk
Woman decapitated in Mexico for web posting...
UN Security Council to consider Palestinian membership
Israel and Palestine give up on America
Turkey hunts down Israeli commandos on Facebook
Turkeys PM asks: Why are UN sanctions promoted as a means of dealing with Iran and Sudan, but taboo with regards to Israel?
BBC Speechless As Trader Tells Truth: The Collapse Is Coming...And Goldman Rules The World
Iraq to buy US warplanes worth $3 billion
Blast destroys Egyptian gas pipeline supplying Israel and Jordan
Saudi woman to be lashed for defying driving ban.
Share Traders More Reckless Than Psychopaths, Study Shows
Ireland tortured its children, says Amnesty - The abuse of thousands of innocent children in state- and church-run institutions in Ireland amounted to torture, a scathing report from Amnesty has found.
The Watchtower, the magazine for Jehovahs Witnesses, is under investigation by British police, after complaints that it is in breach of religious hatred laws
Mikhail Gorbachev, the man who presided over the break-up of the Soviet Union, has warned Russia risks six lost years if Vladimir Putin returns to the presidency.
Two thousand years after they were written and decades after they were found in desert caves, some of the world-famous Dead Sea Scrolls went online for the first time on Monday [26 September 2011] in a project launched by Israels national museum and the web giant Google.
The Worm That Could Bring Down The Internet : NPR
BBC denies market trader who earlier claimed he dreamed of another recession was a member of the yes men hoax group
An explosion destroyed an Egyptian pipeline in Sinai that supplies Israel and Jordan with gas.
Mutilated woman, slain brother become symbols of Syrias pain - CNN.com
French police round up Roma people in 
Marseille
Powerful Typhoon Nesat hits Philippines
Worlds Engineers Say Theyve Solved Carbon Crisis
UK Liberal Democrats Overwhelmingly Back Overhaul of Drug Laws
Brazilian cops arrested in judge assassination probe
SAUDI ARABIA: Woman sentenced to flogging for driving
Egypts 1st post-Mubarak election to begin Nov. 28
Strauss-Kahn seeks dismissal of assault case, claiming diplomatic immunity - Former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn has filed for a civil case against him to be dropped on the grounds of diplomatic immunity. He said the false sexual assault claims had hampered efforts to right the economy.
Young Iranians risk police raids to party together
Dalai Lama made to wait for South African visa - Delay in granting visit visa to Tibetan spiritual leader triggers speculation that Beijing is pressuring Pretoria.
Ireland Printing Its Old Currency, Just in Case - Irelands central bank reportedly is printing Irelands old currency in case the country leaves the eurozone.
Denmark taxes fatty products - Denmark is to impose the worlds first fat tax in a drive to slim its population and cut heart disease.
Saudi King Abdullah has revoked a sentence of 10 lashes imposed on a woman for breaking the ban on women driving in the conservative kingdom
Christian Pastor sentenced to death in Iran
A court in Bahrain jails 20 medics who treated protesters for up to 15 years
Europe supports Palestinian statehood - The right of Palestinians to advance in the international community as an independent state is unquestionable, the European Parliament declared.
Just 60 babies a year adopted in England - 
Thousands of children are being held in limbo in care homes, secure units &amp; temporary fostering
Australian women will be allowed to serve in front-line combat roles after the government said it was dropping all gender restrictions for the military
I Can Find An Indicted Warlord --- 
His name is Bosco Ntaganda. He owns a bar, a farm and a mansion in Goma, eastern Congo. And the ICC has a warrant out for him. So why isnt he in jail? Because his gang pretty much runs Goma. If you cross him, he kills you. Or worse
France threatens military action against Iran
Fracking &amp; Drilling Coming to the Famous Waters of Bath - Theres great concern the shale boom will ruin the deep water sources that supply the natural hot springs
MEXICO: Supreme Court ruling says life begins at conception 
Japan scared of telling truth to Fukushima evacuees: A former adviser to the Japanese cabinet has revealed the government has known for months that thousands of evacuees from around the Fukushima nuclear plant will not be able to return to their homes.
Be afraid -- Unless politicians act more boldly, the world economy will keep heading towards a black hole
Egyptian security forces have stormed the offices of Al-Jazeera Egypt, confining its journalists to one room and confiscating equipment.
Saudis export anti-Christian and anti-Jewish textbooks across the world : Report
The human cost of chocolate
In Africa, an Election Rejects Chinese Involvement
Nokia to axe another 3,500 jobs
Japan tsunami: 10m yen donation found in Tokyo toilet
Water supply nearing limit for food production
just to relax, heres a little game: how much do you know about italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi?
Palestinian statehood bid kicked into committee by UN security council
Western governments shy about defending human rights; liberty declined for the fifth year in a row. 
Rampant cheating at Chinese games exposed: The Chinese desire to win at all costs has created a culture of rampant cheating among athletes, including one team of men who donned wigs to compete in a female dragon boat race, according to a report by sports officials.
Al Jazeera correspondent Gabriel Elizondo paints a shocking portrait of life in the Brazilian Amazon through the story of a couple who lived &amp; died for the rainforest
Nobel Prize in Physics awarded to Saul Permutter, Brian P Schmidt and Adam G Riess for for the discovery of the accelerating expansion of the Universe through observations of distant supernovae
Amanda Knox acquitted of Murder Charge!!!
UK prime minister uses the USA as an example of a country full of fat people
Germans want absolute ban on drink-driving  
Hugely embarrassing: Daily Mail jumps gun on Amanda Knox guilty
Spanish fleet accused of illegal catches are receiving multimillion-euro payouts from European Union taxpayers - Commission urged to end corrupted fisheries policy
Libyan hospital treats an ill BBC journalist - refuses payment and asks for BBC branded souvenirs instead.
Huge suicide blast kills many in Mogadishu
Study: Drunken Swedes choose knives to kill - The average murderer in Sweden and neighbouring Finland are drunk men armed with knives who kill on the spur of the moment, according to a new study.
Japan to Go Ahead With Whale Hunt - Commercial whaling has been banned since 1986, but Japan claims to be conducting research, counting the whale population. 
Whalers will have heightened security after last years clashes with activists, says Japanese fisheries minister.
China and Russia veto UN resolution on Syria: The move, drafted by France along with Britain, Germany and Portugal, received nine votes in favor and four abstentions.
Hostile Crowd Forces Libyan Jew Out Of Synagogue
The Puppet President: Medvedevs Betrayal of Russian Democracy
Japan reveals huge size of Fukushima clean-up area
Swiss warn massive ice chunk may break off glacier and fall into Lauterbrunnen valley
Japan confirms whaling fleet to sail 
A history of religious violence in Pakistan
Japan to Hold Whale Hunts Despite Activist Threats
North Koreas Mass Games: The Pursuit of Perfection [Pics]
Police beating peaceful protesters on a lovely Amsterdam day
Belgium officials ordered to clock out for smoke, with each minute sliced off their wages.
Al Shabaab bomb kills 65 in Somalia
Water, water everywhere  but this island nation now has barely a drop to drink &amp; has declared a state of emergency
Saudi Arabia blames riots on outside forces: Fourteen hurt in Gulf city, officials say, as Saudis vow to come down on division instigators with an iron fist.
Denmarks Fatty Foods Tax is in Effect
A 33-year-old man  died when he tried to protect a woman who was being mugged on a Paris metro train 
Russia introduces chemical castration for pedophiles
New Zealand condemns Japans whaling in Antarctic waters, telling Japan its being entirely disrespectful in their neighborhood 
Assad: Syria will shower Tel Aviv with rockets if attacked by foreign powers
Fact Checking if Ahmadinejad really said Israel should be wiped off the map. Turns out he didnt exactly say that
Archbishop Desmond Tutu has said the South African government is worse than its apartheid predecessor
The worlds first solar power station that can work at night has been officially opened in southern Spain.
Canadas new flawed copyright law Bill C-11 is expected to fly through House of Commons.
China &amp; India predicted as climate leaders - An extraordinary war against science in the US &amp; elsewhere will see nations trailing in Chinas wake. 
2011 Nobel Prize in Chemistry awarded to Daniel Shechtman for the discovery of quasicrystals
Greece hit by new 24-hour general strike
Putin proposes forming a Eurasian Union of former Soviet nations, saying the bloc could become a major global player competing for influence with the US, EU and Asia.
BBC News - Italy wiretap law: Wikipedia hides pages in protest
Worlds hottest chilli contest leaves two in hospital - Telegraph
Global Warming Irony
Turkey to sanction Syria despite UN veto
Bahrain medics to face civilian court retrial; attorney general effectively nullifies verdict of special security court
Guantnamo film shows plight of Canadian national detained at 15
Vigilantes arming themselves with swords, knives, &amp; clubs; houses ablaze; activists &amp; football hooligans chanting racist slogans __ Protests in Bulgaria started after teen was run down allegedly by order of Roma underworld boss. Its the worst ethnic tension there since 1990.
Syrian state-run TV has aired an interview with a young woman who was reported to have been beheaded and mutilated by security agents while in custody.
Oktoberfest 2011 - The Big Picture
China angry over Burmas decision to suspend work on 2.3bn dam: Beijing threatens legal action as Burma halts dam because it is against the will of the people
The Cult: The Twisted, Terrifying Last Days Of Assads Syria --- None of you donkeys matters at all! The important thing is that no one be permitted to upload any videos onto YouTube! No pictures, either! 
Police to investigate whether Australian lawmaker paid for prostitues with official credit card
Loss of Egyptian Natural Gas Supplies Costs Israel $
2.68 Million Per Day
Italian Wikipedia shuts down. (ddl is the first stage of a law)
14 year old faces 12 years in brutal prison for possession of marijuana
Shell oil company paid militants who destroyed Nigerian towns
I knew it: Putin didnt go SCUBA diving and find those ancient Greek artifacts all by himself. The whole thing was staged.
Swedish poet Transtroemer wins Nobel Literature Prize
Settlers mosque-burning campaign expands into Israel | Reuters
The death toll in Syria has risen to more than 2,900 people killed since the pro-democracy protests began in March, the United Nations human rights office has said. 
 Worsening Women Shortage Due to Ultrasounds - Parents  knowing the sex of their foetus has left Asia short of 117 million women, mostly in China &amp; India, according to a UN report out today
 Dozens of settlers surround IDF patrol in West Bank and assault soldiers
Ugandan villagers evicted to make way for British forestry firm -  22,000 people have been evicted so far from their homes &amp; land (with video)
Floods drown Asias rice bowl -  Massive floods have ravaged vast swathes, threatening to further drive up food prices &amp; adding to the burden of farmers, the regions poorest.  Over 100 Cambodians, nearly 1/2 of them children, have died in the worst flooding in a decade.
Afghans rally in Kabul, demand NATO troops leave  
European Union Moves Toward Banning Tar Sands - Were sending a clear signal to fossil fuels suppliers - This also casts doubt on the future of other controversial energy sources such as shale gas, with its fracking
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says the U.N. Security Council has failed in its responsibility to the Syrian people by not passing a resolution condemning the regimes brutal crackdown on civilian protesters.
Worlds highest webcam; Mount Everest
UNESCO clears way for Palestine seat vote 
Erdogan brands Israel a regional threat
On the emptiness of Saudi voting reforms for women.
Ship Stuck On New Zealand Reef Leaking Oil - The slick extends 3 mi (5 km) from the ship
Toyota back to pre-quake production
A Pakistani commission investigating the US raid that killed Osama Bin Laden says a doctor accused of helping the CIA should be tried for high treason.
Gadaffis private zoo liberated. Volunteers race to rescue exotic animals left to die
Police violence against journalists in yesterdays protest in Greece
Natos bombing campaign in Libya, now in its seventh month, will continue despite the collapse of Muammar Gaddafis regime, alliance officials said today.
Unesco clears way for Palestinian membership vote with the US voting against!
BBC News - Police called after man takes picture of his own daughter in shopping centre
At least 19 dead in Cairo after a peaceful Christian protest is attacked. Protest escalates into riots against military rule.
Forcing someone to marry against their will could become a criminal offence under plans set out by UK Prime Minister David Cameron
Nono said she never reported her abuse to police. She belongs to a silent majority of gay South African women who have been victimized by corrective rape, a controversial term describing the practice of straight men raping lesbians to correct their sexual orientation.
Iran actress sentenced to one year in jail+90 lashes for her role in a movie...
Europeans more worried about climate change than economic crisis
Moscow gets its first official bike lanes. [with pictures]
UK doctors are being told the antibiotic normally used to treat gonorrhoea is no longer effective because the sexually transmitted disease is now largely resistant to it.
For her starring role in an Australian film shot in Tehran, Marzieh Vafamehr has been sentenced to a year in prison and 90 lashes
North Koreas Hotel of Doom to open 24 years after construction  
U.N. Finds Systematic Torture in Afghanistan
Egyptian political forces slam ruling military council for attack on Copts
Afghanistans intelligence agency and police force have been systematically torturing detainees including children at a number of jails, in breach of local and international laws
New Zealand oil spill reaches shore as bad weather holds up response - 
Tarballs appear on Bay of Plenty beaches as stricken freighter Rena  has made the water highly toxic.  Fears high that the containment ship is going to break apart.
At least 31 people were killed across Syria in a series of shootings on Sunday
Exclusive footage taken on an AlertNet visit to North Korea shows malnourished children in the countryside after a savage winter and summer floods worsen chronic food shortages
Syria warns against recognising opposition - Foreign minister vows to take tough measures against any state that recognises newly-formed National Council.
Egypt erupts in violence: Egypts military blames sectarian clashes for Cairos recent violence. Everyone else blames the military.
Hundreds of Indignants who marched from France, the Netherlands and Spain, defied a ban to occupy Brussels park to protest EU-ordered austerity measures
Children to be banned from blowing up balloons, under EU safety rules
Coptics Criticize Egypt Government Over Killings 
Frances Socialist Comeback?--For years, the French left has been weak and disorganized. But Sundays vote shows the party has a chance at beating Sarkozy.
More than 30 killed in Syrian clashes; defector appeals for aid to oust Assad
Women who violate headscarf law should be stripped of passports: Iranian lawmaker
Ultra-Orthodox Jews picket girls school
UK government forgives Goldman Sachs $15.6 million (10M pounds) in interest when Goldman Sachs tax avoidance scheme failed.
German officials admit using spyware on citizens, as Big Brother scandal grows
France said on Wednesday it was tightening immigration rules to require would-be citizens to provide written proof that they speak enough French to manage their daily lives.
BP to risk worst ever oil spill in wildlife-rich British waters off Shetland Islands - Internal report warns of ecological disaster if new well bursts. BP is making contingency plans to fight the largest oil spill in history, as it prepares to drill over 4,000 feet down
Iran agents planned US terror attacks
New Zealand Arrests Stricken Oil Ships Captain  - I want answers, said Prime Minister John Key. Every year around the world there are ships that get into grief, but not ones that plow into an extremely well documented reef in very calm waters at high speed as this one did.
Israel, Hamas reach Gilad Shalit prisoner exchange deal
Child sacrifice a thriving business for Ugandan witch doctors. 
The killing of Saudi ambassador in the US would have ensured the Middle East went up in flames. Former CIA agent Robert Baer thinks: This stinks to holy hell. The Quds Force are very good. They dont sit down with people they dont know and make a plot...
US Officials concede gaps in U.S. knowledge of Iran plot
| Reuters
Liberals Are Losing the Battle for Egypts Future
Honor killing targets Turkeys LGBTs
Australian Carbon Tax Law Passed
WikiLeaks: Richard Branson funded a plot to overthrown Robert Mugabe
BBC News - Uncovering the business of child sacrifice in Uganda
Opponent of Georgian president is stripped of citizenship in run-up to election
A senior Indian lawyer has been beaten up in his chambers during a live TV interview, in an attack he says was provoked by his stance on Kashmir.
Ignoring China, India inks oil exploration pact with Vietnam
Thousands rally in support of Syrias Assad:  Tens of thousands take to streets of Damascus in solidarity with Syrian president, chanting slogans against US and EU.
China again sends another 20 North Koreans back to NK for certain torture or death rather than sending to SK
Ukraine May Soon Have Pariah Status Like Belarus - Europe and the United States have blasted the Tuesday verdict that sentenced former Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko to seven years in prison, saying the trial was politically motivated.
Bangladesh has unveiled a domestically made laptop which officials claim is one of the cheapest in the world.
EU-prostitutes may work in Sweden - The Swedish police cannot continue to deport prostitutes from other EU countries. This was stated by the Migration court today.
Cracks are appearing in a container ship stuck on a reef off a New Zealand holiday spot, as weather forecasts worsen fears that the vessel may break up and spill more fuel and containers carrying toxic materials into the sea.
Oil Spill:  New Zealand Fears Ship Breaking Up - Containers from the ship, which hit a reef a week ago, began falling into the sea today, while cracks are appearing in the vessel. The captain has been charged with operating a vessel in a manner causing unnecessary danger or risk
The Oslo terrorist attacks didnt change anything: Norwegian police maintain their stance of not bearing arms
Spanish cooperation buids a solar plant in Palestinia, provides electricity to 40 families of Emnaizel, a school and a medical center. Israel decides to demolish it in two weeks.
A series of corruption scandals has shaken Austria. Entrepreneurs have allegedly received multi-million commissions for non-existent services, and there are reports of cash-stuffed plastic bags changing hands in Viennas back alleys. The population is losing faith in the political establishment. 
This Is What Millions Of Young People In China And India Are REALLY Thinking
Third Iranian nuclear scientist shot dead, likely assassinated.
Violent crime plunged in London after summer rioters were locked up in jail
Reuters: Wall Street sit-in goes global Saturday
Key shareholder group calls for Rupert Murdochs eviction from News Corp board at annual meeting 
Oil Spill Disaster on New Zealand Shoreline: Salvage teams are racing to offload as much remaining oil as possible while cleanup crews are hard at work, coping with New Zealands worst environmental disaster in decades [pic]
14 Shamans Murdered in Peru -- Fourteen traditional healers have been brutally murdered in Peru in the past 20 months, allegedly at the urging of a local mayor; Protestant Sect Members Suspected; Irrecoverable Loss
S. Korea Creating Task Force for U.S. Troop Crimes
Free Syrian Army poses growing threat to Assad:  Significant soldier defections have cast attention on the anti-regime Free Syrian Army. But the fledgling rebel force is still far from being a match for the Syrian regular army. 
Mexicans demand international human rights investigation
UK Defence Secretary Fox resigns
Head of Indias poorest state (the shoe/statue lady) opens 10 million theme park
EFF: In conjunction with the Christian organization Mothers Union, UK PM David Cameron enacts plan with major ISPs - BT, TalkTalk, Virgin, and Sky - to block access to pornography, gambling, self-harm, and other blacklisted websites
Icelands New Constitution
China Issues Currency Warning to US: Senate measure could seriously interfere with Sino-US economic relations.
Norwegian extremist Anders Behring Breivik, who has confessed to twin attacks in July that killed 77 people, says there are up to 80 cells in Europe engaged in anti-Islam crusades like his
Syria uprising: UN says protest death toll hits 3,000
Spain credit rating downgraded ahead of G20 meeting:  Standard &amp; Poors has downgraded the eurozones fourth largest economy by one notch
Tokyo radiation hotspot not linked to Fukushima:  Elevated levels of radiation found in a residential area of Tokyo are almost certainly not connected to the stricken Fukushima nuclear plant, say officials.
Financial loss after Fukushima disaster estimated at $74 billion
Berlusconi survives a confidence vote, barely holding onto power
UK Energy firms profits per customer rise 733%, says Ofgem
Occupy Wall Street Spreads Worldwide [pics]
Twitter chief: We will protect our users from Government, Twitters chief, has stood by the companys decision not to suspend the service during the UK riots or disclose user identities to authorities.
Interview with German Opposition Leader: Commercial Banking Should Be Split From Investment Banking 
Occupy Italy: Police raid homes after riots
On 31 October, world population reaches 7 billion.
The Atlantic bluefin is so depleted as to qualify as a threatened species: last year 140% more bluefin tuna meat from the Mediterranean Sea continue  entered the market than was reported as caught
Occupy Wall Street-style protest in Indonesia leads to closure of worlds largest gold mine:    Clashes between protesting Indonesians and security forces at US-owned mine have also left four dead.
Hamas frees Israels Gilad Shalit in prisoner swap 
UK Lobbying clean-up is delayed- after lobbying 
             
             Egypts 1st Post-Revolution Political Prisoner, Blogger Maikel Nabil Sanad May Die a Martyr. Imprisoned for criticizing the Military. On hunger strike,now refusing water. A Coptic Christian with controverisal views, he has received little attention from  activist &amp; pro-rights groups in Egypt.
There has been a fall of nearly 40% in the number of deaths from malaria worldwide in the past decade
Zetas drug-cartel boss captured in Mexico - Al Jazeera English
Spanish society has been shaken by allegations of the theft and trafficking of thousands of babies by nuns, priests and doctors, which started under Franco and continued up to the 1990s.
BBC goes inside the besieged centre of Syrian resistance to secretly film what life is like, Theres no electricity, water or communications.
Chinese toddlers parents thank her rescuer, a rag picker and trash collector 
Bureaucracy in Greece Defies Efforts to Cut It: Stories of eye-popping waste and abuse of power among Greeces bureaucrats are legion, including officials who hire their wives, and managers who submit $38,000 bills for office curtains. 
Ahmadinejad likens claims of Iranian assassination plot to Iraq WMD. Iranian president says US claims of Iranian involvement in an alleged plot to kill Saudi ambassador will prove false.
Bail Us Out of Trouble? No Way, Say Greeks - 
  It might seem crazy to protest a bailout meant to help your country out of its self-imposed mess, but, for many Greeks, theres more than just money at stake - Why so many in the broke country dont want the EUs help
  EU stem cell patent ban is unbelieveable setback, say researchers
  From traders to the homeless, protesters at the Occupy Sydney campaign in Martin Place say they have received more support from the public than expected
  11year old tasered by RCMP for brandishing a pen. 
  Paramilitaries rise from Mexicos cartels - The gangs Mexico deserves, but not the ones it needs
  When Al-Shabaab militants called the Somali national womens basketball team captain, Suweys Ali Jama, and told her she had two options: to be killed or to stop playing basketball, she decided that neither was really an option at all.
  New vaccine to cut malaria risk by half - Al Jazeera English
Strikes cripple Greece in critical week for eurozone:  Greece has been waiting for two months for the next installment of its international aid - money it needs to remain solvent. But protests against measures needed to secure the tranche have plunged the country into chaos.
Libyan forces capture Gaddafi - local TV reports.
Whistleblowers murdered in India illustrate the fatal hazards of exposing corruption
Report into undercover police delayed, allegations that police chiefs had authorised undercover police officers to give false evidence in court.
Russia is pressing for a UN resolution aimed at keeping thousands of shoulder-fired surface-to-air missiles purchased by former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi from getting into the hands of armed groups and terrorists.
Its time for the UN to formally apologize for having legitimized Gaddafis regime by electing Libya to its Human Rights Council last year, to the Security Council in 2008-2009, and as General Assembly president in 2009,
Muammar Gaddafi killed
At 105, Celebrated Chinese Linguist Now A Dissident: Zhou Youguang --Ordinary people no longer believe in the Communist Party. ... People ask me if theres hope for China. Im an optimist. I didnt even lose hope during the Japanese occupation and World War II.
A Jew Of No Religion --- 
Yoram Kaniuk, novelist, 81, wins court victory in Israel. He can be Jewish by nationality, but an atheist by religion. Sounds like progress. But raises new questions about church and state relations, and what it means to be Jewish
In Syria, protests mutate to armed resistance amid economic meltdown
GM crops fail to increase yield but vastly increased  use of chemicals and the growth of superweeds: The study accuses Monsanto of controlling 95% of the Indian cotton seed market and massively pushing up prices
Libya: The End of Qaddafi and the Fall of Sirte [pics]
Authorities knew that Rupert Murdochs News of the World tabloid had hacked into the phone of murdered teenager Milly Dowler nine years before the scandal over the practice exploded.
Gaddafi removed from truck apparently alive - video
Bolivian natives triumphantly enter La Paz after a 2-month march from the Amazon opposing construction of a highway through their homeland -  The road is to be built through the pristine Isiboro Secure National Park &amp; Indigenous Territory  inhabited by 50,000 native people 
Police spies unit crossed the line, says Lord Macdonald: Former director of public prosecutions accuses Metropolitan police of monumental misjudgment in allowing undercover officers to give false evidence
With injuries to the leg, torso and head, the former dictator was found alone in the drain pipe, surrounded by the bodies of his guards who had been shot as they fled Sirte from the west.
Mainstream Press Account In Australia Makes The Case For Why Piracy Is Not The Problem
The Venezuelan Supreme Court today basically belongs to President Chvez. Ever since his supporters packed the court in 2004, its rulings have repeatedly sought to protect the presidents political agenda, not to uphold basic human rights. 
Benjamin Netanyahu is ridiculed in Israel for his attempts to capitalize on the release of Gilad Shalit
Ratings agency forecasts are throwing entire countries into financial crises by driving up interest rates on bonds. Now the EU is considering a ban on ratings for countries that are in the process of negotiating economic bailout packages.
Mexican police: Head of shelter charged with prostituting women residents - CNN.com
Basque group ETA ends armed independence campaign
The Rise and Fall of Muammar Gaddafi [pics]
Qaddafis death leaves a Libya that must build itself from scratch:  Muammar Qaddafis government was one of a kind, with no independent institutions. That means Libyas new government has nothing, good or bad, to build on.
Canadas Supreme Court rules that hyperlinks on websites the link to defamatory content do not constitute publication, shielding content sharers from liability, should they inadvertently post links to libelous material
700 metres of the Great Wall of China collapses due to excessive mining
Yue Yue, the little girl run over by two trucks, has now died.
Global warming confirmed by independent study
Basque separatist group Eta says it has called a definitive cessation to its campaign of bombings and shootings.
India mulls law to make private sector bribes a criminal offense
Gadhafis last words: Do you know right from wrong?
Protesting students seize Chiles Senate building
David Attenborough: Im an essential evil David Attenboroughs latest TV series, Frozen Planet, is being heralded as his take on climate change. Now 85, he explains why - finally - hes speaking out on the issue, and shares the joys of a long life spent filming sex and death in the wild
Syrian protesters to Assad: Youre next
Police move in on Occupy Melbourne as protesters defy eviction order.
Swedish Court: Snapping pics of sleeping womans breasts not a crime - Two young men who bared and took pictures of the breasts of a passed-out 18-year-old woman are not guilty of sexual molestation because the girl wasnt aware that she was being molested at the time, a Swedish court has ruled.
Robert Fisk: You cant blame Gaddafi for thinking he was one of the good guys
Gaddafi daughter in hospital after watching her father lynched on TV
Mogadishu massacre - 70 AU troops killed
Qaddafi Was Captured Alive -- Who Killed Him?
Iraq rejects US request to maintain bases after troop withdrawal
Icelands President declares support for Occupy Wall Street - protests organized by social media and technological developments are healthy for society
Obama: Iraq war will be over by years end; all troops coming home - CNN.com
Hacking Update: News Corp To Pay $4.8M To Family Of Murdered Girl; Allegations Tip Of The Iceberg 
Messengers of Death: Are Drones Creating a New Global Arms Race?
Hundreds demonstrated against the growing criminalization of homelessness in Budapest
India sixth largest contributor to global wealth -- 
Report: Indias total wealth rose by $1.3 trillion to reach $4.1 trillion in 2011; expected to top $8.9 trillion by 2016
UK Met facing mounting crisis as activist spying operation unravels: ..virtually nothing was known about the secretive police units which, for four decades, had been surreptitiously disrupting the activities of political campaign groups
Turkey sends 10,000 troops to Iraq border who are backed up by F-16 warplanes, helicopter gunships and drones.
Guatemala apologises to Arbenz family for 1954 coup:  Guatemalas government has apologised to the family of former President Jacobo Arbenz who was toppled in 1954 in a CIA-backed coup. 
Japan 6 months later... Hard work pays off
Deal struck to stop poor nations becoming Wests toxic waste dump - UN accelerates global ban on export of hazardous waste, including old electronics, discarded computers, &amp; mobile phones, from developed to developing countries
BBC News - WikiLeaks suspends publication of classified US files
Good News Everyone. India close to wiping out polio
Former Irish leader made all decisions in a pub as economy collapsed
Gaddafi loyalists executed in Sirte, HRW found  53 decomposing bodies, apparently Gaddafi supporters, at an abandoned hotel in Sirte, and some had their hands bound behind their backs when they were shot
In South Korea, too many college grads, too few jobs
Skype and Sensibility: Estonia Lives the European Dream --- The Estonians, with little debt, an enthusiastic attitude toward Europe and a stoic approach to austerity measures, are a model EU nation in the midst of a crisis
Libya: Frame-by-frame analysis shows that Gaddafi was sodomized with what appears to be a knife as he was being taken to the truck
Cristina Kirchner re-elected as Argentinas president in landslide: One of countrys biggest ever electoral victories makes Kirchner first woman in Latin America to retain top office
At least 32 people have died and more than 100 injured after a bridge collapsed at a political event in the Indian tea-producing region of Darjeeling.
BBC News - Berlin police arrest man for torching 100 luxury cars
Dont Force Statehood On Somalia --- 
The model for Somalia is Switzerland. Dont laugh! Heres why a decentralised confederation system would work. And, for some counterarguments, read the four heavy-duty responses to the article
A cyber attack on Japans biggest defense contractor likely netted military data on warplanes and information on nuclear power plants
Rights group: Bodies of 53 apparent Gadhafi loyalists found in Libyan hotel
Norways annual telethon - approx. 38M$ raised for clearing landmines
Video footage shows Gaddafis killer
State govt in Australia seeks to issue up to $12k fines if you insult its gaming minister Michael OBrien
Scouts Canada takes a page from the Vatican regarding management of pedophilia hush money. Get your kids raped and earn big! 
Photos: Hundreds Dead In Turkey Earthquake
Turkey accepts Iranian aid for quake victims
Bransons, space tourists anxious for maiden flight
UK riots analysis reveals gangs did not play pivotal role
China makes single largest grain donation to Africa: official
Sri Lankan President accused of War Crimes in Australian court 
Apple Continues To Insist Only It Can Use An Apple In A Logo; Threatens Small German Cafe
Londons Metropolitan Police discovers existence of a secret mobile phone within News Internationals east London HQ that was used in more than 1,000 incidents of illegal hacking
A top US government official believes that the internet is under fierce attack by authoritarian governments worldwide, and that the situation is rapidly deteriorating.
Remember that high speed train accident in China in July? Within hours of the incident, local officials began burying the wreckage. Video showed bodies still inside the carriages as they were shoved by backhoes into newly dug slit trenches.
Javan rhino goes extinct in Vietnam after last rhino poached
Colombian President Santos: Marijuana should be legalized worldwide - The Colombian head of state said that legalizing softer drugs could be a way forward, provided everyone does it at the same time.
China will tighten its censorship of social media networks, the Communist Party said on Wednesday. Internet users will be punishable for publishing what the Party deems harmful information.
The bodies of 267 people have been found in Sirte, Libya; many appear to have been executed - Al Jazeera
A Tibetan Buddhist monk doused himself in fuel and set himself ablaze in far western China on Tuesday, the tenth ethnic Tibetan this year to resort to the extreme form of protest
Australia is allowing the hunting of an endangered Great White Shark due to 3 fatalities that havent been proven to actually be associated with the shark 
Saif al-Islam is proposing voluntarily handing himself in to the International Criminal Court
Engineers, academics accuse feds of misleading public about oil supplies
EU politician wants Internet surveillance built into every operating system
The disaster at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant in March released far more radiation than the Japanese government has claimed. So concludes a study that combines radioactivity data from across the globe to estimate the scale and fate of emissions from the shattered plant. 
Arab World Opinion Turns Overwhelmingly Against Syrias Assad
New Tunisian Government Promises Dignity For Gays
Iceland: Genealogical website helps couples avoid incest, and of course, to see if Bjork is a cousin.
UK to introduce two strikes and youre out mandatory life sentences for serious crimes
Turkey asks for quake help, Israel sending special equipment 
Why the image of French police is taking a beating:  A handful of Frances most renowned police officers have recently been implicated in a string of scandals involving drugs, prostitution, bribes, and spying on journalists, resulting in a storm of negative attention for French law enforcement. 
Hundreds of Yemeni women have set fire to a pile 
of female face and body veils on a main street in 
Sanaa to protest the governments brutal 
crackdown against the countrys popular uprising.
Occupy Melbourne protesters turn on police in city
Gaddafis driver on the endgame: He didnt seem to know what to do
Switzerland has denied visas to President Robert Mugabes wife Grace and five top Zimbabwean officials
Pope Approves Of Occupy Wallstreet, Oh Joy!
Bangkok Underwater [Pics]
Wife-sharing haunts Indian villages as girls decline
Israel rejects Palestinian lawsuit over IDF missile that struck family home
N. Korea nationals who witnessed Arab Spring forbidden to return home. 
South Sudan will change the language of schooling to English
The European Union has reached a three-pronged agreement it says is vital to resolving the Greek debt crisis.  As part of the deal, banks have agreed to take a 50% loss on Greek debt.
Police chiefs authorised undercover police officers to give false evidence in court.
Russia: Putin advances Eurasian Union - As the West stumbles, Putin aggressively forges ahead with a new Soviet-style union.
Irish See Opportunity in Greeces Debt Hole - Why is it acceptable to write down Greek debt, when the Irish pay private bankers debts? 
French government banning vegetarianism in school canteens
Hugo Chvez announces 50% pay raise for the military - Chvez said that the salary increase for military officers would be retroactive to September. They deserve it for the hard work done, in our country.
Sub-Saharan Africa is being sold misguided agricultural policies based on flawed Chinese farming tactics.
Pope expresses great shame for violence in Gods name 
Eurozone crisis: banks agree 50% reduction on Greeces debt
Uncharted submarine wreck found off PNG
Brazil rejects Europe debt purchase plan
Syrian army defectors are growing and becoming more organized
St. Pauls Chancellor Quits Over Plans to Remove Protesters
If the Libyan war was about saving lives, it was a catastrophic failure
More than 2,000 people marched Thursday through Johannesburg to demand jobs and a greater share of South Africas riches
Another Container Ship Hits Rocks in New Zealand - Theyre saying the damage to the ship has been superficial but theyre getting that seen to right now.
Hundreds of migrants protest tax dispute in east China, blocking roads, torching vehicles
The Breivik Interrogations: Norway Massacre Suspect Reveals All But Motive
Hamas boosting anti-aircraft arsenal with looted Libyan missiles
North Korea bans citizens working in Libya from returning home
Britains top directors condemned as elite greedy pigs after a 49% pay rise last year, while average workers failed even to keep up with inflation
Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos says he would support worldwide legalization of softer drugs such as marijuana provided everyone does it at the same time. 
Canadas homicide rate hits 44-year low
Over 200 Cambodian workers fainted this week in a factory which manufacturers clothes for Swedish fashion giant H&amp;M.
Paris police have arrested around 20 Christian fundamentalists who burst into a theatre and threw stink bombs to protest against a play featuring the face of Christ drizzled with fake excrement.
Gaddafi killer faces prosecution
UK royal succession laws changed - daughters to have equal rights as sons
How can I be proud of my China if we are a nation of 1.4bn cold hearts?
In the fifth year of a terrible war in Mexico that has exhausted the military, consumed the presidency of Felipe Calderon and left more than 43,000 dead in drug violence, Joaquin El Chapo Guzman, the founder of the Sinaloa cartel, reigns supreme
Fukushima released twice as much radioactive material as first thought. Far more radioactive caesium released into the atmosphere than previously estimated, according to study
Helsinki Court orders Finnish ISP Elisa to block subscriber access to The Pirate Bay. The ISP has to block the domain names and IP addresses of the worlds most-visited torrent site by end of next month or face 100,000 euro fine
Rape being used to cure Lesbians.
Singing Geneva banker: The global economy is about to crash
Thousands of protesters gathered in Cairos Tahrir Square Friday to press the ruling army to speed up the transfer of power to civilian rule, and an Islamist leader said his followers would stage a sit-in if the army does not respond.
Iranian grand Chess master Maghami was expelled from an international chess tournament after refusing to play an Israeli
Bangkok Flooding: Putting Pets Before People [pics]
German flag burned on the streets as Greeks react angrily to historic Eurozone deal
Church of England shaken to its foundations as row over anti-capitalism protest escalates.
6.9 Magnitude Earthquake Near the Coast of Central Peru
Syrian forces kill dozens in Homs and Hama: Activists say at least 36 people killed, mainly in Homs and Hama, as protesters call for no-fly zone to protect them.
Egyptians march to Tahrir Square in solidarity with #OccupyOakland
Gaddafis chemical weapons were hidden despite pledge to Tony Blair 
Warning for Chinas Economy: Wenzhous cutthroat network of private credit came tumbling down this spring.
FTSE 100 directors earnings rose by 49% last year
4-year-old Palestinian girl is rendered quadriplegic by Israeli military training in occupied West Bank
Wikileaks Julian Assange loses extradition appeal
In anticipation of a coup, Greeces prime minister fires all head military leadership
New Documents Shows News Corp. Approved $1.2 Million Payoff After Learning of Fatal Evidence
Plane carrying 230 passengers crash lands in Warsaw
Israel rushes settlement growth after Unesco accepts Palestinians
Paris offices of French magazine which published edition edited by Prophet Muhammad damaged by petrol bomb
 
 Julian Assange will on wednesday learn the verdict in his fight against his extradition to Sweden
Canada cuts its 10M$ yearly contribution to UNESCO
Japanese MP nervously drinks Fukushima water under pressure from journalists
Netanyahu trying to persuade cabinet to support attack on Iran
India plans safer nuclear plant powered by thorium
Israel PM Benjamin Netanyahu Considers Pre-Emptive Attack On Iran To Prevent Nuclear Capability | World News | Sky News
Hacker Group Backs Away From Threat To Mexican Cartel
Canada Freezes Voluntary Contributions to UNESCO After Palestine Vote
Israel to speed up settlement construction in Jerusalem, West Bank - CNN.com
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, has thrown his weight behind the St Pauls Cathedral anti-capitalist protesters as he called for a new tax on banks. - Telegraph
Anonymous retreats from Mexico drug cartel confrontation
Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou insists that a referendum on a EU bailout will go ahead despite turmoil on world markets and stunned reactions from other eurozone countries.
French magazine attacked after it portrays Mohammed
| Reuters
Kyrgyzstans election winner says US air base poses risk, must shut by 2014 after lease ends
Arab League set to announce plan to end Syrian uprising:   President Bashar al-Assads government has reportedly agreed to a plan to end the Syrian uprising. Leaked details include the release of all political prisoners, a new constitution, and free elections.
Libya: Al Qaeda flag flown above Benghazi courthouse
Fukushima suffers setback as officials detect signs of nuclear fission. Traces of radioactive gas are detected at Fukushimas No 2 reactor  one of three that suffered core meltdown.
Israel test fires missile; Iran in crosshairs
Israel punishes Palestinians over UNESCO
Iran claims to have proof of US-led terror plots, plans to expose it
Six police officers who used baseball bats to smash 
up a suspects car WILL keep their jobs.
In 2002, 26 men bought and, to preserve her virginity, anally raped  a 13 year old girl in Mardin. After eight years, Turkish court rules minimum penalty on the grounds that she consented to the act. 
Over the last two decades, thanks largely to government policy, the poverty rate in Brazil has halved. With this, income inequality has also fallen sharply.
Greek government on brink of collapse
Greece will be cut adrift if bail-out is refused, says EU
Human rights groups have presented evidence that the bodies of African refugees have been found in the Sinai desert with organs missing
Russias shrinking population mars Putins superpower ambitions:  Despite Putins efforts, Russian men die young and women have too few babies. Heres why that matters.
Palestine to sign a free trade agreement with Latin Americas most powerful trade organization, the Mercosur, which includes Argentina, Brazil, Paraguay and Uruguay.
Following up on its takedown of a Tor-based child pornography host, a group within the Anonymous hacktivist group has published the IP addresses of 190 alleged pedophiles
Ordinary Greeks Are Taking Matters Into Their Own Hands - 
Grassroots refusal to put up with austerity is quickly gaining momentum, as people give up on mainstream politics
News of the World phone hacking: number of possible victims is almost 5,800, police confirm
Murdoch writes off $91m for shutting News of the World in hacking scandal
Study Deepens Mystery of Arsenic in Bengal Basins Groundwater - This is one of the worst mass poisoning cases in this history of mankind, says geologist.  Its caused a water shortage, illness, &amp; death in a region of over 60,000,000, leaving them unable to use the water even for washing dishes.
Fracking company in UK - we caused 50 tremors in Blackpool  but were not going to stop
Egyptian junta pledges to free hundreds after damning prison letter is published
Palestinians militants open fire, launch mortar shells at IDF force working on fence in northern Gaza Strip
Britain is reportedly moving to support a US strike on Iran, while a poll shows many Israelis in favor of a strike by their country
Greece Wont Hold Referendum on Bailout, Finance Minister Venizelos Says
Syria: Military tanks open fire in Homs in defiance of peace accord, killing 7 civilians
Japanese government wants to build back-up of Tokyo
Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou appears to heading for defeat in a vote of confidence after mounting opposition within his own party to a surprise referendum call on the EU bailout plan.
Chinas great gender crisis : Chinese families have long favoured sons over daughters, meaning the country now has a huge surplus of men. Is it also leading to a profound shift in attitudes to women?
Tanks mounted with machine-guns have opened fired in the Syrian city of Homs, activists have reported.  Despite plan to end bloodshed
Greek crisis: Papandreou to offer to resign
UK ban on blood donation by gay men has been lifted (from r/globalhealth)
Russia: Israeli threat of strikes on Iran a mistake -- Military action against Iran would be a very serious mistake fraught with unpredictable consequences, Russias foreign minister has warned.
Key lesson from Iceland crisis is let banks fail
News International hired investigators to spy on hacking victims lawyers...
The warning that Greece was spiraling out of control sounded in mid-2009, in a draft report from the IMF. It never reached the outside world. Greek officials complained, so the final version played down the risk that Athens would default.
      Journalists close to Berlusconi say he will resign Monday
| Reuters
After shocking incidents, Chinese struggle to instill kindness
France unveils $138bn bid to slash deficit:  French PM announces austerity measures and tax rises totalling $138bn in bid to eliminate budget deficit by 2016.
Underneath Mexico Citys bustle lie Aztec wonders:  Excavations in the middle of downtown Mexico City have unearthed sacred Aztec sculptures, giving archaeologists a glimpse into ancient rituals.
German gold reserves are off limits: economy minister --   Germany rejects G20 proposals that would see national central banks contribute reserves to an IMF-backed vehicle designed to boost the financial firepower of the eurozone rescue war chest.
NZ recording industry fires first guilty until proved innocent shots at alleged pirates: The first complaints have gone out to ISPs, and as a result  the first Detection Notices have reached the first alleged offenders
Iran will be able to build nuclear bomb within months, IAEA says. Western experts say IAEA report to reveal Iran has already acquired knowledge, technology, and resources to achieve nuclear capability
Palestine versus the United Nations: The Palestinian bid for statehood has placed the UN in a quandary
Asian rhino horn mania drives extinction: the last of Vietnams rhinos are killed
European elites should be wary of the Greek spring.
The fear of contagion shouldnt be just about the euro  this Greek resistance could spread across Europe
Berlusconi denies resignation rumours: Italian PM says reports he plans to resign are baseless, but looming vote could take matters out of his hands.
Carlos the Jackal, feared Cold War terrorist, goes on trial in France
Italy needs 300bn euro loan to stand still
The safety of medicines in the UK has been cast into doubt by a fraud inquiry at the European regulator responsible for licensing pharmaceutical drugs across the EU, based in Canary Wharf, London
Soviet scientists helped Iran build nuke; Ahmadinejad denies nuclear bomb
European leaders are hoping China will be a major contributor to a $1.4-trillion bailout fund, but many in the Asian nation are uncomfortable with that prospect. One reason: Europeans are still better off than Chinese.
Europes labour laws and welfare systems make workers lazy, says Chinese finance chief
Nicaragua: Ortega wins third term despite constitutional ban.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi close to resigning
The World from Berlin: The Common Currency Endgame Has Begun - SPIEGEL ONLINE - News - International
The artist Ai Wei Wei has been ordered to pay a fine of 1.6 million euros. To show their solidarity, people in China and elsewhere have made donations that have added up to a six-figure sum in just three days. 
Sarkozy calls Netanyahu a liar, Obama also expresses displeasure with the Israeli PM
UK Police will have the right to fire rubber bullets on student protesters as they prepare for huge London demonstration: Scotland Yard revealed that the baton rounds have been authorised; the non-lethal rubber bullets would be used only in an emergency such as to rescue officers from attack 
A group of Russian scientists came out of an isolation chamber after over 500 days, proving that sending humans to mars may soon be feasible 
WikiLeaks founder abandoned by Australian govt - KEVIN Rudd and his foreign affairs department have been accused of all but ignoring pleas from Julian Assanges legal team to protect the WikiLeaks founder from a possible death penalty in the US.
The Hajj and Eid al-Adha 2011 [pics]
The Sicilian Mafia: Seven year old jailed, tortured and thrown into acid
Silvio Berlusconi vows to resign
BBC News - Sarkozy called Israeli PM Netanyahu a liar
BBC News - Italian crisis: Silvio Berlusconi loses majority
Cancer spreads to last Tasmanian Devil refuge
Berlusconi agrees to resign!
Ministers are considering making CCTV compulsory in slaughterhouses in England, Scotland and Wales to help enforce laws against animal cruelty
Sarkozy calls Netanyahu a Liar while talking to Obama. Obama replies that he has to deal with him everyday!  
Olympus admits hiding losses for decades
UN nuclear agency: Iran studying nuclear weapons
Falun Gong practitioners who have held a long, silent protest in front of the Chinese Consulate here claim the city of Vancouver colluded with the Chinese Communist Party to write a bylaw aimed at ending the vigil; calls bylaw unconstitutional bylaw 
Mexican jail raid finds  two peacocks, 100 fighting cocks, two bags of pot, 19 prostitutes, dozens of recent-model plasma televisions, several bottles of alcohol, and lots and lots of knives.
Botswana: Country Pushes to Legalise Prostitution
Libyas Berbers feel rejected by transitional government:  Libyas Berbers, or Amazigh, played a crucial role in the battle against the Gadhafi regime. Now they say they feel let down by the transitional government which has as yet to recognize them and their language.
Syrian troops storm Homs district in new offensive, 100 killed over weekend. Despite committing to Arab League cease-fire plan, Assad regime scrambles to clear out Baba Amr, a major center of resistance
Australian Senate passes landmark Carbon Tax legislation. 
Prostitutes and peacocks found in Mexican jail ... during surprise inspection
Met accused of trying to scare off protesters with warning letter. Force writes to anyone previously arrested for public order offences before demonstration in central London on Wednesday
UN says Syria death toll has passed 3,500
Mexico City mayor calls drug policy schizophrenic: If the US is legalizing marijuana and were over here killing ourselves on the street over marijuana, that does not make sense, says Ebrard referring to Californias efforts to decriminalize the sale and use of cannabis
The worlds last surviving Sikh warrior master who has devoted his life to learning an ancient martial art is - from Wolverhampton, it has emerged.
Occupy Movement: Chileans take to the streets with calls for a radical overhaul of the countrys for-profit university system
Former Israeli president Katsav loses rape appeal ... and will go to prison for seven years
India court sentences 31 people to life terms for killing Muslims
Tom Watson labels James Murdoch mafia boss (VIDEO)
Australia cigarette plain packaging law passes Senate
Tasers: If officers have a new toy, they like using it
Africas Western black rhino declared extinct
Study finds thousands of forced marriages in Germany - The German family ministry has for the first time published a study of forced marriage in Germany. The report is based on the findings of hundreds of consultation centers across the country.
Irans Supreme Leader Warns US, Israel Against Strike:  Anybody who takes up the idea of an attack on Iran, should get ready to receive a strong slap and an iron fist ;  [Iran] not a nation that only sits and watches threats coming from straw powers, which are internally eaten by worms
Human Rights Watch issues report entitled Egypt: Military Virginity Test Investigation a Sham ;  anonymous General tells CNN: We didnt want them to say we had sexually assaulted or raped them, so we wanted to prove that they werent virgins in the first place
Uganda man jailed for killing gay activist David Kato
Dan Snow test fires a machine gun from a WW2 Spitfire which has been recovered from a peat bog in Co Donegal where it had lain buried for 70 years.
Roubini: Italy Is Doomed And Will Exit EU Unless ECB, Germany Step In
Banker Lucas Papademos - who led Greeces transition from the drachma to the euro - is named interim prime minister
Officials close Great Pyramids of Giza Friday, due to widespread fears of international masonic and other rituals on 11/11/11 .  Numerologists are anxiously awaiting Friday, when the digital alignment of ones occurs at 11:11 am, which some believe will lead to unusual events.
EDF fined for spying on Greenpeace nuclear campaign
Turkey earthquake topples hotel
UK Students Fighting for Education for the 99% Met With Heavy Policing: 20 people arrested in the latest display of anger against the Conservative-led governments austerity measures
Egypt: Passengers attempted to open plane door mid-flight at 8,000 ft. Security on-board the Cairo-bound flight thwarted the attack and tied him to seat. Among the 143 passengers was Egypts Islamic Mufti.  Suspect is disgruntled from losing his job recently.
Twitter account to tweet names of Canadas 119,000 fallen soldiers
Turkish police fire tear gas in quake city:  How can you fire pepper spray on people who have already suffered so much? asks one survivor searching for a tent in the freezing temperature
Iran nuclear report: Why it may not be a game-changer after all
FRONTLINE: Ramita Navai goes undercover for a rare look at the uprising from inside Syria. If we didnt shoot at protesters, they would shoot us, one defector told Navai.
A seven-year-old Argentine boy has defied doctors predictions that he would never walk, with help from a homemade rehabilitation device built by his father.
Put warning labels on skinny models: Norwegian minister, Giant images of airbrushed and digitally altered fashion models could soon come with warning labels if Norways equality minister succeeds in pushing through a new action plan. 
Shell oil spill in Niger Delta has wrecked the lives of 70,000, will take over 30 years to clean, and will cost over $1 billion
Mexican cartel calls Anonymous bluff - murders another blogger
Israel accidentally kills rabbi mistaken for Palestinian militant
Mexican drug cartel tries to silence Internet, kills four chat room users
Facebook facing legal action in Germany over its facial-recognition feature. Facebook has introduced this feature in Europe, without informing the user and without obtaining the required consent. Unequivocal consent of the parties is required by both European and national data protection law. 
Mystery Radiation Detected Across Europe
UNESCO operations halted after losing US funding
Iraqs Stolen Memory:  All the archive of Saddams era were taken to the US after the invasion and Iraqis want them back
Egypt court bars members of ousted Pres. Mubaraks party from running in elections: Those who have wasted the rights and freedoms of others, restricted democracy.. and forged the will of the people in all elections for the past 30 years ... have no right to demand the rights they denied the people
2 Malaysian States Now Punish People for the Crime of Homosexuality.   Malaccas chief minister, Mohd Ali Rustam said, So many people like to promote human rights, even up to the point they want to allow lesbian activities and homosexuality.
Economists say three scenarios are most likely to threaten the euro zone: a member withdrawal; national resistance to union; and a one-size-fits-all monetary policy creating economic havoc. Correction: that should read said. This was twelve years ago.
Mexican interior minister killed in crash - CNN.com
Minimum wage hike coming to Guangdong, the worlds factory.  
A Chinese mine where 21 workers were killed was being operated illegally
A group of armed men have stoned a woman and her daughter to death in Afghanistan.
Pakistan - The Ally From Hell, a must read for foreign policy/nuclear enthusiasts
Israel has accelerated the installation of anti-missile defenses on its airliners, as Libya leaks SAMs.  The locally made C-Music system, costing $1M to $1.5M  per plane, uses a laser to blind heat-seeking missiles.  Target date of 2013 for fitting most of the El Al fleet.
To Save Our Economy, Ditch Taiwan - NYTimes.com
European Union bans its own film on Afghan women in jail for moral crimes
4 Reasons Why Italys Economy Is Such a Disaster
BBC News - S&amp;P accidentally announces downgrade of French debt
Irelands former richest man declared bankrupt
CCTV shows buildings collapsing in second Turkey earthquake
What We Can Learn From the Dutch About Teen Sex
Syrias bloodiest day leaves scores dead:  At least 70 people reportedly killed over past 24 hours as security forces clash with defectors.
Israel continues withholding on $100M in taxes owed to Palestinians 
Egyptian womens group calls on men to try the veil
Hacking Update: At Least 28 Murdoch Employees Appear In PIs Detailed Notes 
China peace prize awarded to Russias Putin
Deutsche Bank CEO under investigation for giving false testimony:  Prosecutors are investigating the head of Germanys biggest bank, Josef Ackermann, on charges that he gave false testimony during the 2002 bankruptcy trial of German media tycoon Leo Kirch.
Swiss police on Tuesday evicted anti-banker protesters from the Lindenhof, an ancient square in one of the oldest parts of Zurich 
China Tightens Media Grip, insisting that media outlets dont report on stories that appear in social media until theyve been verified. 
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange launches new extradition appeal
Interview With Iranian Foreign Minister: We Are Prepared for Everything - Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi, 62, dismisses accusations that Iran is building a nuclear bomb as Western propaganda and accuses Tehrans enemies of waging a secret war against it. 
Europeans accuse Berlin of using the euro crisis to boost German power
Mossad linked to massive explosion at Iranian facility
Radioactive soil in Japan unsafe for farming, say scientists ... after taking a second look
Mongolia bids to keep city cool with ice shield experiment - 
Geoengineering trial aims to store winter temperatures in a giant block of ice that will cool &amp; water Ulan Bator in summer 
Less Than 1% of Sharks Caught in Atlantic Protected - 
Most shark species are still being caught &amp; killed despite heading towards extinction, Oceana report says
Israel allows building material into Gaza for first time since 2006
Pakistan puts hand up for Aussie uranium
President Obama is expected to announce a troop presence in Australia
Five years later: Mogadishu little changed: Five years after channels launch, Al Jazeera returns to Somali capital and finds people still living in fear.
Hokey Pokey --- 
Fund manager discusses continuing euro crisis. There is no way to meaningfully restructure Italian debt without wiping out the capital base of Europes banks, and forcing the nationalization of the entire European banking system 
Deadly protest over chemical plant in northern Egypt.  One dead and at least 11 people injured in clashes between army and protesters, who have sealed off the port town of Damietta.  Protests, that have lasted six days, are against pollution from existing plant and plans to build two more.
Israeli officials lied to Gaza ship crew
Jordans king is the first in the region to urge Assad to step down
Egyptian activists nude self-portrait causes online fury
Neutrinos still faster than light in latest version of experiment
Bill would make wearing masks during riots a crime
By my calculations, at least 10 times as many girls are now trafficked into brothels annually as African slaves were transported to the New World in the peak years of the trans-Atlantic slave trade.
Indian activist who fought mining companies brutally murdered by a mob of 25-30 men
President Santos of Colombia is very brave, because any political leader who advocates the legalization of narcotic drugs will become a prime target of the prohibition industry. He has chosen to do it anyway
EU Parliament Massively Commits to Net Neutrality and Open Internet
European parliament opposes Uss anti-piracy law.
The integrety of the global internet and communication must be protected by not taking unilateral decisions regarding taking down ip-adressess or domains
In Egypt, tens of thousands of protesters on Friday gathered in Cairo and Alexandria for a mass rally to push the countys military rulers to hand over power to a civilian government
Goldman Sachs conquers Europe 
Occupy London Stock Exchange protestors say they have repossessed empty offices in east London belonging to Swiss bank UBS.
Slaves freed after CNN documentary
Report: Russia warships to enter Syria waters in bid to stem foreign intervention
Neutrino experiment repeat at Cern finds same result
Israel effectively annexes Palestinian land near Jordan Valley
Vietnam plans to pour $600 million into building Southeast Asias most advanced space center
Being Out in Saint Petersburg Could Soon be Illegal for Gays
Thousands of Kuwaitis storm Parliament, demand resignation of corrupt Prime Minister. 
Russian military chief warns of nuclear war
Privatisation, But No Private Property --- 
Who owns Russias wealth? In the end, nobody. Law doesnt protect property rights. State seizes, extorts whatever it can. Yet the state is itself a mass of competing mafias. Economy is a permanent struggle for control
Eurozone debt web: Who owes what to whom? interactive Pie graph 
Dozens hurt as Coptic Christians demanding justice for October massacre are attacked in Cairo, Egypt
Wave Of Suicides Among Indian Farmers
Tens of thousands protest in Egypt: Rally called by both Islamist and secular groups aimed at pressing military rulers to hand power to civilian government.
Crisis in Europe, Transformation in China:  Chinese leaders know that, with Europe and the U.S. struggling, they cant rely on exports forever. Chinas future may hinge on whether its leaders can make the necessary changes in time.
Nepal begins reintegration of Maoist fighters:  Thousands of former fighters will be asked whether they want to join army or accept up to $11,500 to start new lives.
A Chinese entrepreneurs bid for 30,639 hectares (120 sq mi) of Iceland was denied, prompting the investor to say it reveals western hypocrisy &amp; deep prejudice.  Iceland limits foreigners buying property to protect its independence &amp; ensure citizens - rather than foreigners - benefit.
Record numbers of young Japanese do not have boyfriends or girlfriends, and many do not want one.
Wyclef Jean squandered Haitian relief funds: report - Yahoo! News
Pope faces lawsuit in Germany for not wearing seatbelt
War on Drugs: Latin American leaders consider legalizing both marijuana and cocaine. Meanwhile, the US remains firmly opposed to legalizing marijuana, as federal authorities crack down on dispensaries and growers. The White House does not support legalization, mostly because it isnt good for you.
Rick Falkvinge: The Copyright Industry  A Century Of Deceit: Every time something new appears, the copyright industry has learned to cry like a little baby... and succeeds practically every time to get legislators to channel taxpayer money their way or restrict competing industries.
    
    Julian Assange: Internet Has Become Surveillance Machine
    Children Of The Revolution --- 
Chinese Communist Party leaders mostly have enough sense to make a show of austerity. Their children arent nearly so tactful. Generation of princelings drives around in Ferraris. Public backlash reaches dangerous level
Afghans Say Pakistan Fired First in NATO Attack
Rupert Murdoch offered a 13 yold Charlotte Church good press in return for singing at his wedding... for free.
UK secretly helping Canada push its oil sands project: Canadian interests and oil lobby win coalitions support for highly polluting process in runup to European fuel quality vote
 UN report - Syrian military murdered 256 children, sexually abused kids
 Rick Falkvinge, founder of the first Pirate Party in Sweden, has earned a spot in Foreign Policys prestigious list of Top 100 Global Thinkers
A Kenyan court has issued an arrest warrant for Sudans President Omar al-Bashir over alleged war crimes in Darfur. 
Polls open in Egypts landmark elections: Egyptians vote for first time since Hosni Mubarak was toppled, as protests continue across country for tenth day.
Syria troops have killed 250 children
Peace Corps pulls out of Kazakhstan due to rife incidents of sexual assaults against female volunteers
Euro Zone on the Brink - A Continent Stares into the Abyss
France overturns ban on planting GM crops
Syria: United Nations documents credible evidence that high-ranking officers consistently, across the country, issued orders to shoot at civilian homes and unarmed protesters, and records evidence of systemic torture and sexual violence against those in custody
French President Sarkozy worries about the Internet stealing audience share from regulated TV services. Further asks: Who would buy the film or music if you can access it free of charge? 
Stalins only daughter dies in US
Pakistan denies provoking NATO strike
Document: 1600 Fukushima Workers Thought to Be Exposed to High Radiation
Islamists win most seats in Moroccan vote 
Anders Behring Breivik not accountable for attacks. Psychiatrists have found that Anders Behring Breivik was insane at the time of the crime.
Medical journal calls on hospitals to scrap parking fees - Canadas top medical journal is calling for an end to universally loathed hospital parking charges, calling parking fees a barrier to health care that should be scrapped.
Canadians willing to shell out $6.3 billion towards saving the arctic circles 15,000 remaining polar bears, $420,000 a head -  Environment Minister Peter Kent: If you were to ask me, Id say, priceless 
Racist woman on UK train arrested
...an unnamed officer with the Toronto Police Service wrote: ...we were given specific direction...anyone with a backpack was to be searched and if they refused...then they would be arrestable...
Denmark aims for 100 percent renewable energy in 2050. Danish government proposals on Friday called for sourcing just over half of its electricity from wind turbines by 2020 and all of its energy from renewable sources in 2050.
Iranian students have broken into the British embassy in Tehran
Israeli newspaper: Nearly 100% of all Israeli military court cases in West Bank end in conviction for the Palestinian defendants.
Nigeria approves Bill criminalising gay marriage - Nigerias senate voted on Tuesday to criminalise gay marriage, instituting prison terms of more than a decade for violations in a nation where gays and lesbians already face discrimination and abuse.
Rockets from Lebanon landing in the north of Israel
BBC News - Iran protesters break into UK embassy in Tehran
Russia activates missile early warning radar system
Is a U.S. Mining Company Funding a Violent Crackdown in Indonesia?
Taiwans voters have the upper hand: Political parties are forced to reach out to a well-informed electorate
BBC News - Pakistan blocks BBC World News TV channel
Stalins Daughter Dies
China bans ads during TV drama shows ... in culture boost
Iranian mob storms British Embassy in Tehran
Canada Says Kyoto Protocol Biggest Blunder, May Withdraw 
Canada Tosses Wheat Board with the Chaff: Evan Berger say: .. we are giving back a property right, a freedom of choice, to farmers who make large investments, who have the wherewithal to sell their grain to whomever, whenever, at what price they see fit,
Irate Pakistan closes border to US: Two essential US supply routes into Afghanistan are shuttered
Euro Area Is Coming To An End --- The markets have sent Germany a message. Its no longer a safe haven, and there is no painless solution to euro troubles. This is the beginning of the end for the currency zone. Heres why, and how its likely to play out
Turkey Tuesday raised the option of military intervention in neighboring Syria while Russia rejected even an arms embargo as Damascus tries to stifle anti-government protests.
Poor rural villages show Chinas economic dilemma, Should China bail Europe out or help its own poor farmers?
Islamic militant group al-Shabab bans 16 aid groups  including a half dozen U.N. agencies  from central and southern Somalia, a decision likely to harm Somalis already suffering from drought and famine
UK experiencing the worst disruption to services in decades as more than 2 million public sector workers stage a nationwide strike, closing schools and bringing councils and hospitals to a virtual standstill
Suez Port Employees Reveal 21-Ton US Tear Gas Order for Interior Ministry: workers refuse to receive initial 7 ton shipment as the interior ministry looks to restock after firing tear gas at protesters in Egypt for six days last week
Privacy is for paedos; fundamentally nobody else needs it - Paul McMullan at the Leveson Inquiry
Australian state legalises same-sex civil unions
The UK is to expel all Iranian diplomats following the storming of its embassy in Tehran
Occupy Montreal protesters branded by police with numbers only visible under a UV light
Intelligence officials quoted as saying that satellite images show this weeks reported blast at Irans Isfahan nuclear plant was no accident.
Georgetown students about to release major paper that sheds light on Chinas tunnel system that may be hiding a large nuclear arsenal
 Every year, 12,000 women and girls are trafficked from Nepal to a life of sexual servitude in India. Many can never go back.
Hague says Iran will face severe consequences over embassy attack:
Foreign secretary says despite apology Tehran had breached Vienna convention in failing to protect a diplomatic mission
In an impassioned speech, Poland appeals to Germany to save Europe
Nigerian senate passes anti-gay bill, defying British aid threat
Turkey imposes economic sanctions on Syria
Belgium will finally have a federal government after the longest formation ever. The formation of a new federal governement took 538 days
Norwegian disbelief at Breivik insanity: The Norwegian public, politicians and experts alike are expressing surprise at the verdict of the forensic psychiatrists assessing Anders Behring Breivik
Presidential elections in South Ossetia result in surprise defeat for Moscow favorite; court annuls vote.
Privacy is for paedos: former News of the World man and tabloid veteran Paul McMullan. ...in 21 years of invading peoples privacy Ive never found anybody doing any good.
BBC News - Eurozone unemployment rate rises to 10.3%. Youth unemployment in Spain rose to 48.9%.
UK diplomats pull out of Iran
There is mounting speculation that the euro zone will break apart, or even that the single currency will be abandoned altogether. It often sounds as if such scenarios wouldnt be so bad for Germany. In fact the consequences would be catastrophic for Europe and for its largest economy. 
Israel to release frozen PA funds -  PMs office says it intends to unfreeze money after Palestinians halted unilateral moves at UN.
UK expels Iran diplomats after embassy attack
With the euro on the brink, all eyes are on Germany. Romano Prodi, a former Italian prime minister and the ex-president of the European Commission, says in an interview that Germany, as the most powerful country on the Continent, must finally step up and show the courage to resolve the debt crisis.
German exports reach record highs despite debt crisis - In 2011, over a trillion euros worth of German goods were sold abroad. Deutsche Welle spoke to the head of the Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade and Services to find out whether next year will be as good.
China says big climate deal is too much
Julian Assange wins the right to take his case against extradition to the UK supreme court.
Iceland arrests failed bank CEO, a top trader and a broker
Pile-up on Japanese expressway claims 14 luxury cars, including eight Ferraris and a Lamborghini, in what may be the most expensive car wreck of all time.
A humanitarian worker was raped after being stopped at a security checkpoint in Egypt. She contacted the British embassy in Cairo for help, but diplomatic staff failed to offer any assistance and says they insisted she travel alone to report the incident to Egypts security forces
English riots were a sort of revenge against the police. Rioters interviewed for our study say they sought retribution for what they saw as police abuse of power in their communities
Fukushima: Inside the Exclusion Zone [pics]
Chinese government cites self immolation as an act of terrorism
Evidence of electoral fraud in Russia: turnout of 146% in some areas and 99.48% support for united russia in Chechnya
The young protesters who toppled President Mubarak wanted freedom, but instead they are getting Islamic radicals who want to introduce a strict new moral regime.
Britains top secret invasion plans stolen in Iranian embassy attack... good job they were for invading France in 1943
Antarctics hidden world revealed - Ever wondered what Antarctica would look like without all that ice?
South Korea has launched an internet television channel to inform its young people about North Korea and the potential consequences of reunification
More than 100,000 Vietnamese have been killed or injured by land mines or other abandoned explosives since the Vietnam War ended nearly 40 years ago, and clearing all of the country will take decades more
Occupy the Kremlin: Russias Election Lets Loose Public Rage
China is experiencing the worst crackdown since 1989 with a rising number of enforced disappearances of activists
The hidden cold war between Tehran and its enemies, especially longtime foe Saudi Arabia, is escalating fast, bringing with it wider risk of conflict
OECD urges raising taxes on high earners: average income of the richest 10% of the population in developed economies is now 9 times that of the poorest 10%, having been 5 times as large in the 1980s.
Germans ask: Why doesnt eurozone like us? -- Images of Greek protesters waving signs of German Chancellor Merkel in Nazi uniform have troubled Germans. Many in struggling eurozone countries resent Merkels hard line.
Obituary: Socrates --- 
Footballer. Named after philosopher. Trained as doctor. Captained Brazils much-admired World Cup team in 1982. Drank and smoked far too much. Died at 57. Beauty comes first. Victory is secondary. What matters is joy
Pakistan seeks Australia uranium after India ban lifted
Why conflict diamonds are so controversial: A major international environmental group pulls out of the process to guarantee that diamonds do not come from conflict zones, saying the Kimberley Process had refused to evolve and address the clear links between diamonds, violence and tyranny.
Argentina is quietly reaching out to Iran, worrying key Western powers and Israel as they try to tighten Tehrans international isolation over its nuclear program, U.N. diplomats
Israeli ministers have hit back Hillary Clinton after the top American diplomat was quoted expressing concern over the future of Israels democracy and the rights of women
UKs DPM, Nick Clegg threatened to introduce new laws to clamp down on executive pay; warns the private sector must take its share of the pain in the age of austerity
Explosion Seen as Big Setback to Irans Missile Program
Russia has sent interior ministry troops to Moscow and increased the alert level of security forces after a protest of thousands of people opposing Vladimir Putin 
Iran Revolutionary Guard prepare for war
China gave a jolt to United Nations-led climate talks by appearing to call for binding emissions cuts, prompting some industrial powers to reconsider their positions at a conference where few had expected real progress.
Greenpeace activists successfully break into nuclear power plants in France to show security flaws
Dozens of corpses were recovered from the streets of Homs, Syria this week, some of them dismembered, decapitated and bearing signs of torture, activists and residents said Tuesday. 
After a court ordered two of the largest Belgian Internet service providers to prevent their users accessing The Pirate Bay, the local anti-piracy outfit is now urging other ISPs to do the same. Internet providers who refuse to give in to this request within 10 days will be taken to court.
Thousands protest against Putin in Moscow 
Iranian forces go on war alert
Muslim women not used to drinking walk free after attack on woman
Canadian victory for online privacy.
India wants websites to screen content about countrys leaders ... Indias top telecom official said Internet giants such as Facebook and Google have ignored his demands to screen derogatory remarks
India not warming up to walmart
French move to ban prostitution by punishing clients
Mexican presidential front-runner struggles to name three books:  Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexicos leading presidential contender, was unable to name three books that had influenced him, and could only name one he had read parts of  the Bible.
Russia: Troops on streets of Moscow to police post-election protests
Funny Money --- 
In 2004 Canadian police stopped a suspicious vehicle on the highway. Inside they uncovered stacks of C$20 notes. Near perfect counterfeit. A forgery so widespread it forced a radical re-think of the entire nations physical currency
60% of Germans believe the euro is not a good idea, according to a poll released Sunday in a German news magazine, nearly a decade after euro coins and notes were introduced.
China is surprise good guy at Durban climate conference: 
Worlds biggest carbon emitter says it might sign an agreement to change its ways.
The conference on Afghanistan aimed to paint an optimistic future for the country. But the countrys inhabitants have no illusions: They know that their military cannot protect them, and that the warlords are jockeying for position. Meanwhile, the Taliban are just waiting for the Americans to leave.
Monkey arrested by Pakistan for crossing India border - not faking news
Twin attacks on Shiite holiday kill dozens in Afghanistan - An apparent suicide bomber has attacked a Shiite shrine in central Kabul, killing over 50 people, while a bicycle bomb exploded in northern Mazar-i-Sharif, killing at least four.
New Jerusalem park a ruse to set up new settlement, activists say: Residents and leftists claim plan designed to block development of two Palestinian neighborhoods in eastern half of city
How Investigators Unravelled Europes Biggest-Ever Fake-Medicine Scam ---
Story of sting operation that ensnared one of Chinas most prolific drug counterfeiters. From Viagra to Tamiflu, Kevin Xu was making millions exporting fake medicines to Europe. His downfall? His wifes love of diamonds
Mexico drug war casualty: Citizenry suffers post-traumatic stress
Police criticised after tent dress torn off Occupy Melbourne protester
Petition to pardon computer pioneer Alan Turing started
Turnout is near 100% and 99.48% voted for Putins party, United Russia. In Chechnya. I havent heard about results like that since the Soviet times.
Election fraud in Russia caught on video: ballot-stuffing, erasable ink and more
Mikhail Gorbachev, the former Soviet Union leader, has called for Russias elections be rerun due to fraud.
Massive Attack and Thom Yorke from Radiohead back Occupy London protest with secret gig
Beijing chokes under heavy blanket of smog.
THE LEADERS of Germany and France today declared a federalised Europe is the only way to solve the sovereign debt crisis gripping the continent.
Saudi Arabia sentences Australian man to 500 lashes over blasphemy
Anxious Greeks Emptying Their Bank Accounts
China arrests 600 in huge child trafficking bust
Putins Last Election ---  
His party monopolised media, stuffed ballot boxes, leaned on local officialsand still got less than 50% of the vote. For years he promised to end corruption, improve public services. He didnt. Now Russians have had enough
Australian given 500 lashes for blasphemy in Saudi Arabia
Police clashed with demonstrators protesting vote fraud in Moscow and at least two other major Russian cities Tuesday, as anger boiled over against Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and his ruling United Russia party.
Google stands up to censorship request by Indian govt.
Honduran journalists face growing threat: Journalists in Honduras are facing growing danger, the countrys human rights commissioner has warned. 
Prices Soar as Chinese Bid for Spirits &amp; Tonics Fortified With Rhino Horns &amp; Tiger Bones - This is a year after Prime Minister Wen Jiabao  reaffirmed a ban on such products. Tiger bone wine promises to stave off chills, improve circulation &amp; eliminate fatigue. 
A court in China has rejected Apples lawsuit accusing a Chinese technology company of infringing its iPad trademark.
Egyptian Salafist Leader: Coptic Christians should not hold high political office in Egypt; government should monitor womens attire and force tourists to abide by Islamic law
Egyptian Surgeon has proof that depleted Uranium ammo was used against protesters in Egypt Tahrir square
YouTube tram woman will spend Christmas in jail
Protesters surround the US Embassy in Toronto, 
drawing attention to election fraud and genocide in 
the Congo
Silent coup rumors swirl in Pakistan after president leaves
Earthquake funds used to subsidise Japans whaling
Pakistan President Zardari suffers heart attack
Mexicos war on drugs blights resort of Acapulco:  Five years after President Caldern declared war on Mexicos drug traffickers, residents in Acapulco are haunted by fear and violence
Iranian TV airs footage of captured US drone
A German chemical company says it can recycle rare metals from old solar panels  effectively washing them off in a chemical bath so the different elements can be reused.
The spent batteries Americans turn in for recycling are increasingly being sent to Mexico, where their lead is often extracted by crude methods that are illegal in the United States, exposing plant workers and local residents to dangerous levels of a toxic metal.
French court fines first women for full-face veils ... court slapped fines on women for wearing the full-face covering Islamic niqab veil for the first time Thursday, case could have legal implications across Europe
War on Iran has already begun. Act before it threatens all of us.
Madam who ran gang that forced hundreds of women to work as prostitutes in China has been executed
Russias middle class: a growing problem for Putin
Malawi to review homosexuality ban after US aid threat
Eurozone countries go it alone with new treaty that excludes Britain
Russian Government Says It Will Permit Massive Protest This Weekend
Exxons deal with the Kurds inflames Baghdad.  The oil giant has defied Iraqs government by signing up to drill in disputed territory
Europes Great Divorce --- 
The EUs tectonic plates have slipped momentously along same the fault line that has always divided itthe English Channel. British PM David Cameron says it was a tough decision but the right one for his country. Is he correct?
Dutch state apologizes for 1947 Indonesia massacre
Has Europe Reached its Articles of Confederation Moment?: America under the Articles of Confederation was a mess, not unlike Europe today. Could it lead to a stronger European Union?
Official: New euro accord to include 23 countries
Palestinian seriously wounded at West Bank protest by Israeli forces
China executes rogue trader, millions still missing
| Reuters
Croatia has signed a treaty to make it the 28th member of the European Union from mid-2013, becoming the EUs second ex-Yugoslav member after Slovenia.
UN rights chief presses Syria for access, confirms at least 1,000 security forces killed
Israel carried out more airstrikes in Gaza early Friday, killing one Palestinian
Japanese whalers sue Sea Shepherd
Drone Program Attacked by Human-Rights Groups
Were sorry, Japanese government tells Canadian POWs
Sudan: Rebels pose challenge to BashirGrowth of rebel groups creates arc of revolt around Khartoum regime.
In Syria, a boy lies dead in his home. We are not safe, this government is murderous, It is killing people, it is killing its own people.
Police shave mohawks off punks at Indonesia concert - Police in Indonesias most conservative province raided a punk-rock concert and detained 65 fans, buzzing off their spiky mohawks and stripping away body piercings because of the perceived threat to Islamic values.
 Chevron admits it hasnt been able to stop Brazil oil leak - Last month Chevron spilled over 100,000 gallons of oil off the coast. They tried to plug the well with cement, but Chevron had to admit it didnt work.
 Canadas environmental minister is called a piece of shit by an opposition MP after Canada  withdraws from Kyoto
Junkyard Gives Up Secret Accounts of Massacre in Iraq
The European Union Parliament has made a statement opposing SOPA, particularly in reference to the ability of the US to seize domain names.
Iceland just became the first Western European country to recognize Palestine
Frances faulty breast implants scandal: More than 30,000 women have had breast implants filled with industrial silicone instead of medical-grade fillers
Vladimir Putin lashes out at America for killing Gaddafi and backing protests 
Russias experiencing its biggest protests since the fall of the Soviet Union. Are we witnessing a political awakening?
BBC News - French ex-President Jacques Chirac guilty of corruption
Suspected Jewish extremists torch second Palestinian mosque, deface it with Hebrew graffiti
Human Rights Watch says it has identified 74 Syrian commanders and intelligence officials who ordered troops to indiscriminately shoot unarmed protesters
N Korean soldiers flee into China - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
Former French president Jacques Chirac found guilty of corruption
A Massacre In Jamaica --- 
In 2009 the United States requested the extradition of drug-lord Christopher Dudus Coke from his stronghold in Tivoli Gardens, Kingston. One year later, Prime Minister Golding sanctioned the request. Then all hell broke loose
Chinas real estate bubble is bursting -- economy on the verge of collapse.
The reputation of the Netherlands as the go-to country for a legal joint will begin to vanish like a puff of smoke next year as sales to foreigners of cannabis and hashish in coffee shops are banned.
14 bomb-sniffing dogs on way to Afghanistan died in truck
Chinese village besieged after protests - Police seal off roads and food supplies to village in southern province after rallies against government land seizures.
The German capitals entire local train system broke down on Thursday afternoon, leaving thousands stuck in trains on the tracks.
Iran to exhibit US and Israeli drones
Chinese villagers in standoff with riot police call on government to intervene: Wukan village residents have barricaded themselves in over a land dispute in which one person has died
French Presidents Residence Busted For BitTorrent Piracy
Syrian rebels kill dozens of Assads forces in fresh clashes
Netanyahu wants right-wing extremists labeled anarchists instead of terrorists
Thousands Of Rare Documents Burned In Egypt Clash: This is equal to the burning of Galileos books
Kazakhstans hardline president has switched off part of mobile and internet to try and stop an Arab Spring style uprising.
Egyptian Women Defend Their Role in the Revolution, 10,000 March Against the Armys Brutality
Car manufacturer SAAB declares bankruptcy after GM rejects Chinese offer
Egyptian Military Official: Protesters Deserve to Be Thrown into Hitlers Ovens
Thousands of Women Mass in Major March in Cairo - NYTimes.com
The speculative scrum driving up food prices. Bankers, hedge funds and sovereign wealth funds are gambling on hunger by speculating on food supply. 
A Blow Against Child Marriage - 
In N India, where 1 in 2 girls wed before age 18, the rate of child marriage is dropping&amp; an innovative program is paying girls to stay unmarried
Germany captures 43% of the worlds solar power
North Korea Seals Chinese Border
Tunisias newly elected president calls for countrys Jewish population to return: Tunisias Jews are full citizens and those that had left are welcome to return.
Egyptian police open fire on protesters Photos ... hundreds of Egyptian soldiers in riot gear swept through Cairos Tahrir Square early Dec. 19 and opened fire on protesters
China seeks rebel village concessions as new protest flares ... Communist Party authorities trying to get residents to call off a march to government offices
| Reuters
Retired general says Egyptian protesters deserve to be thrown into Hitlers ovens. 
Kim Jong Ils economic legacy, in one chart
Philip Morris Challenges Plain Cigarette Packs in Australia - It claims the law banning logos &amp; requiring they be sold in drab, olive-brown packets acquires the firms valuable brands &amp; intellectual property
Against All Odds: How Crazy Kim Jong Il Outfoxed the World - Underestimated since he took power in 1994, the North Korean leader was shrewder, smarter, and saner than the popular caricatures give him credit for
Prime Minister Stephen Harper says he has warned American officials that his government is serious about selling Canadian oil to Asian markets
A Rocky Russia-India Defense Union:  India replacing China as the worlds largest arms importer should leave plenty of scope for Russian manufacturers. But the two sides dont always see eye to eye.
Young Russian protesters want change but lack a leader:  Whether they can translate their frustration to the political arena remains an open question.
Iraqs Nuri al-Maliki is acting like Saddam Hussein in trying to silence opposition and he risks provoking a new fightback against dictatorship, one of Malikis predecessors as prime minister said on Tuesday.
Squeamish science students in India might not have to grapple with cutting up rats or frogs for much longer. The regulatory body, University grants commission would phase out almost all animal dissection and replace it with teaching using computer simulations and models. 
Turkey main opposition party submits draft to recognize genocide in Algeria and Rwanda by the French
Turkey threatens France over stance on killing of Armenians by Ottomans:  French parliament to debate proposal to prosecute people who deny mass killings were an act of genocide
 Mexico Shuts Down Worlds Biggest Garbage Dump - 
Greenhouse gas emissions will be reduced by a minimum of 2,000,000 tons of carbon dioxide a year.  Its taken in over 76,000,000 tons of trash.  
Assad losing control as 10,000 soldiers desert Syrian military
US targeted over failure to condemn Israel: frustrated members of the U.N. Security Council pointed a finger at the United States for blocking any condemnation of Israels accelerated settlement construction in Palestinian territory
In Finland 69 Patriot missiles found in a ship destined to South Korea
A Chinese village protest that tested the ruling Communist Party for over a week ended on Wednesday after officials offered concessions over seized farmland and the death of a village leader, in a rare spectacle of the government backing down to mobilized citizens.
S Korea launches 
propaganda balloons over the border
Canada bans face veils at citizenship ceremonies
North Korea moves to collective government
North Korean heir expected to share power
Chinese Atheists Lured to Find Jesus at U.S. Christian Schools
South American states ban Falklands vessels from ports
Moodys affirms Australias AAA rating
Five Polish soldiers killed by Afghanistan bomb:  A roadside bomb has killed five Polish soldiers in a Nato convoy in eastern Afghanistan, Polands heaviest single loss of life since the mission began.
Kim Jong-un issued military order before announcement of fathers death
Wives of missing Russian rig workers criticize company officials:  The wife of the Russian oil rigs captain says towing the Kolskaya platform through icy waters was a suicidal mission. Thirty-nine workers are missing.
No Ordinary Counterfeit - New York Times
Qaddafi Son Seif al-Islam Is Alive and Held by Rebels
Egyptian Women Rally Around The Girl in the #BlueBra Dragged Away by Army
Iran: Despite rising rhetoric among officials, Iranians dont think war is likely.
Canada hunts for rare earth metals as China cuts back - 
A steep decline in Chinese exports of rare earth metals used in hi-tech gadgets has started a global search for metals &amp; hopes are high for major finds in Canada.  The Japanese are desperately searching all over, as well as Europe. 
Hungarys constitutional court has overruled sections of a new media law, claiming it interferes with press freedom. It is the latest challenge to what many see as an undemocratic consolidation of government power.
Five Iranian technicians kidnapped in Syrias Homs
BBC News - The Iranian Schindler who saved Jews from the Nazis
Mass breast implant recall in France
Syria crisis: Almost 200 people have died in two days of clashes
North Korea pledge to Kim Jong-un, son of Kim Jong-il
Canada honor killings on trial: An Afghan immigrant allegedly killed his daughters. They betrayed everything.
Bankers Are Using the Eurozone Crisis to Wage Warfare on Working People &amp; Seize Control of Governments - 
Wages &amp; living standards are to be scaled back &amp; political power shifted from elected government to technocrats governing on behalf of big banks &amp; financial institutions
In Pictures: Fire Destroys Temple of Knowledge in Egypt
 Brazils Great Untold Environmental Disaster -
Cerrado, the worlds largest savannah, contains 5% of the worlds biodiversity, but is being destroyed at an incredible rate to make way for monocultures with devastating long-term effects 
Pakistani girl burned by US drone looks for new life
Iraq bombs kill at least four in Baghdad
Mexico Disbands Entire Police Force In Veracruz
NATO Forced to Admit Airstrikes Killed Dozens of Libyan Civilians, Contradicting Initial Denials.
Vietnamese Investors Sink Savings Into Golf Memberships - 
Some are investing in golf-club memberships in a last-gasp bid to protect their savings from being ravaged by soaring inflation &amp; a fading currency
An Indonesian girl who was thought to have died when a huge tsunami devastated the island of Sumatra in December 2004, has been found alive and reunited with her parents, local media reported on Thursday [22 December 2011].
Polish secret police conspired to prevent Lech Walesa winning Nobel Prize: Polands communist secret police organised an elaborate ruse to trick the Nobel Peace Prize committee into thinking Lech Walesa was a collaborator in an attempt to stop the Solidarity activist receiving the honour. 
Turkey recalls its ambassador to France after French Parliament makes it a crime to deny the WWI-era Armenian genocide
Protests in a small town in China appear to have escalated with residents smashing cars and hurling bricks even though officials sought to calm tempers by suspending a plan to build a power plant
 Medieval Economy is Kim Jong Ils Legacy as Minerals Untapped - North Koreas leader inherits an economy that was outstripped by South Korea in the 1970s, shrank after the collapse of communism in Europe, &amp; now struggles under its stated policy of self-reliance
 US admits fault for the killing of 24 Pakistan soldiers.
Raul Castro expected to end decades-old travel ban for Cuban Citizens
Sectarian violence erupts in Baghdad 
Violence in Zhanaozen threatens Nazarbayev legacy (Video of police firing on Kazakh protesters)
Iraq: What Remains --- Many Americans continue to see in Iraq a reflection of their own countrys ideals and contradictions. They will remember Iraq as an American trauma. But it was, above all, an Iraqi trauma.
Italy finalizes severe austerity budget with a vote of 257 to 41, new budget includes tax hikes, pension delays, spending cuts, changes to employment law and more, aims to balance Italys budget by 2013
In Tunisia, how to build a democracy
A New Zealand cargo plane flew to Antarctica &amp; parachuted sea pumps &amp; hull patches to a leaking Russian ship crippled after striking ice last week. Rescue ships are still days away.  Crew include 15 Russians, 16 Indonesians &amp; 1 Ukrainian.  A S. Korean ice-breaker may arrive by Dec 25.
Noam Chomsky asks Hugo Chavez to free judge Maria Lourdes Afiuni, who has been jailed since 2009
Twins born in Brazil with two heads, one heart
The dragon goes shopping in South America - China is buying commodities and fuelling economic growth, but some worry the communist giant is creating dependency.
BBC News - Volkswagen turns off work email after work hours for staff. Wants to reduce the blurring of lines between home and work.
Quake of 5.9 magnitude strikes New Zealands Christchurch
Blue bra girl rallies Egypts women vs. oppression 
British bankers prepare to sue for bonuses: Bankers seem to have an expectation that they are entitled to a bonus under almost any circumstances, which has been fed by over 20 years of high bonus rounds.
Mysterious metal ball from space falls in Namibia
French lawmakers passed a measure on Thursday to make it a crime to deny the mass killing of Armenians in 1915 by Ottoman Turks was a genocide
Online speed camera warnings to be banned, people who reveal the location of Swiss speed cameras on the internet face fines of up to 10,000 francs ($10,700), under new laws.
Kremlin Nervous As Protesters Return To Streets of Russia
The End of the Chinese Dream ---  Chinas 1% are even more obnoxious than Americas
Bill that could break the Internet delayed until 2012
Another Soyuz rocket launch fails, Russias recent poor launch record has continued with yet another Soyuz rocket failure.
Argentine government takes control of newsprint in an effort to improve the quality of information and the plurality of opinions 
Iran announces it will soon hold massive war games in international waters near the Strait of Hormuz
Bruised but defiant: Mona Eltahawy on her assault by Egyptian security forces
Mona Eltahawys tweets about her assault in Cairo made global headlines. Here she tells her full, extraordinary story for the first time
When Kim Jong Il died, the holiest mountain in North Korea glowed red, according to state media stories that serve to bookend the tale of Kims sacred birth at Mount Paektu.
Outrage after Chinese Tiananmen activist jailed for nine years
Royal Dutch Shells Nigerian oil spill, the largest in the African nation since 1998, highlights the different world responses to oil spills.
A Spanish company is suing the city of Hamburg for more than 2 million after its cucumbers were wrongly blamed for a deadly E.coli outbreak last spring
Mikhail Gorbachev slams Vladimir Putin and Dmitry Medvedev over response to protests | The Australian
North Korea Warns South to Show Respect for Kim Jong-il
Russian Oil Rig Sinking Casts Doubt on Arctic Plan - The sinking of a rig that left over 50 crew dead or missing is intensifying fears that Russian companies searching for oil in remote areas are unprepared for emergencies  &amp; could cause a disastrous spill in the pristine waters of the Arctic.
BBC News - Ex-councillor 
Robert Payne jailed for 
killing kittens
Selling used goods as new appears endemic in the electronics retailing industry in Australia, with Harvey Norman &amp; JB Hi-Fi stores regularly engaging in the practice, sparking investigation by NSW Fair Trading - Buyers are finding previous owners photos, pirated movies &amp; porn on new devices.
Canada rejects comical al-Qaeda link to Damascus blasts
A Chinese court sentenced a veteran activist to nine years in prison for inciting subversion, in what appears to be the most severe punishment handed down in a crackdown to prevent the spread of Arab Spring-style democratic uprisings.
PERU has banned GM crops production for 10 years
Protester banned from flight home for Christmas after he was found carrying anarchist literature.
Japan Way Ahead in Global Plastic Recycling Race - 
At 77%, countrys plastic recycling rate is about twice that of the UK, &amp; well above the 20% figure for the US
Saudi women no longer need male OK to vote or seek office
Nuclear submarine on fire in northern Russia.
France approves soda tax:Frances top constitutional body on Wednesday approved a new tax on sugary drinks that aims to fight obesity while giving a boost to state coffers.
Kim Jong Un declared N. Koreas supreme leader
China Lays Out 5-Year Space Plans
There Will Be No Friday This Week In Samoa
Iran Plans to Test Advanced Missiles, Intelligent Torpedoes
Egypt police raid U.S.-based pro-democracy groups
Israel denies immigrant status to Jews suffering from psychiatric problems 
Either Your Phone Plays Taliban Ringtones, or You Die -  Vendors in Kabul are doing a brisk trade in Taliban ringtones. Because Afghans report that the Taliban kill travelers at clandestine checkpoints if they dont hear one of their messages on someones phone.
The Plane That Would Bomb Iran: Any adversary knows that the B-2 can enter relatively unseen with the power and accuracy to destroy. Merely by having the B-2, we can better influence the decision-making process in rogue nations..[its] a diplomatic instrument as much as it is a military instrument
A judge in Chile has closed the case on the death of President Salvador Allende after an authoritative autopsy confirmed it was suicide
All Eyes on German Renewable Energy Efforts - This tiny village of 37 gray homes &amp; farm buildings clustered along the main road in a wind-swept corner of rural eastern Germany seems an unlikely place for a revolution
Appears Japanese Tsunami Debris Already Hitting B.C. Shores -  Beachcombers are noticing a significant uptick in debris of Japanese origin  a sign that items swept out to sea by the tsunami has found their way here earlier than expected
McDonalds Closes All Their Restaurants in Bolivia 
UK Doctors Sued for Creating Valium Addicts - 
Patients take legal action after being damaged by over-prescription of drugs.  A report estimated in 2009 there were 1.5 million involuntary tranquilliser addicts in the UK.
Turkey confirms 35 people killed in airstrikes were mistaken for Kurdish rebels
Western companies provide spy software to authoritarian regimes, the software has been used to track political opponents.
Debris from the Japan tsunami arrives in Canada
In Russia, a new badge of honor for Putin critics: a jail term -- The frequent arrests of one veteran anti-Kremlin activist, Sergei Udaltsov, have gained him a broader base of support among Russias opposition than he could previously claim. 
Syrian forces open fire on protestors in Damascus
Syrians Fire On Protesters Despite Presence Of Monitors
Shell oil company refuses to clean up its African oil spill.
Doctors Without Borders loses contact with 130 staff members in South Sudan; clinic destroyed
Worlds 1st Hybrid Sharks Discovered Near Australia -  Scientists have found not 1, not 2, but 57.  While the idea may bother some, marine biologists say these offspring of 2 genetically distinct species represent an extraordinary &amp; totally unprecedented discovery in the world of sharks.
Indian activists have reacted angrily after 12 doctors were fined less than $100 each for conducting secret drug trials on children and patients with learning disabilities.
Everyone Is Starting To Worry That Hungary Is Sliding Into Dictatorship
Iran threatens to take action if U.S. carrier returns to Persian Gulf.
Belarus Has Outlawed Browsing Foreign Websites - Forbes
How To Be A Dictator --- 
The brilliance of the Soviet regime was not just that you relied on few people, but that there were lots of replacements. This put your core circle on notice that they were easily replaced. That made them horribly loyal
Taliban says it will open apolitical office in Qatar to negotiate with the U.S. for the first time.
China Set to Punish Another Human Rights Activist - First the police crippled Ni Yulans legs. Then the authorities took away her license to practice law.  Know the court is expected to sentence the couple on charges that include picking quarrels and disturbing public order.
Israeli companies can profit from West Bank resources, court rules
Iran will not repeat its warning - US told to keep aircraft carrier out of Persian Gulf
German joblessness falls to lowest since reunification, but in Spain unemployment climbs to record high
For the first time in its history, Israel allows 6 Arab farmers to sell eggs
Chinas City Dwellers to Breathe Unhealthy Air for Another 20-30 Years - despite recent moves to tighten controls on air pollution dangerous smogs
Hong Kong Government Offices Hit by Deadly Bug - 
Massive disinfection work was carried out at Hong Kongs new government headquarters, after the bacteria was found &amp; one minister was hospitalized
China Warns of Culture War by West
Australia urges Fiji to restore democracy
NATO to pull $30B worth of gear from Afghanistan 
It took 18 years but Stephen Lawrences family finally has justice
Operation Blitzkrieg - Anonymous has a new target in its sights: Germanys far-right scene. The group has launched a new WikiLeaks-style website publishing confidential data obtained from the far-right NPD party and other extremist groups. 
Murder probe after body found on Queen Elizabeths estate
| Reuters
About 12,000 people were slain last year in Mexicos surging drug violence...and more than 50,000 people have been killed during President  Calderons US-backed military confrontation with organized crime and drug trafficking, which began in 2006
Brazil Fines Chevron a 3rd Time - for not properly managing an offshore oil field that leaked 2,400 barrels of oil last month. Chevron says its confident that it has always acted in a diligent &amp; appropriate way. 
China: Chinese Muslims clash with police over mosque demolition
China has reportedly cut two-thirds of TV entertainment shows as part of a government campaign to reign in excessive entertainment.
In November 2005, a US marine squad killed 24 Iraqis, many of them women and children, in the village of Haditha. This week, the squadron leader in charge, will face voluntary manslaughter charges...
Indias sub-$50 Android tablet claims 1.4 million orders in two weeks
German president urged to resign over threats to newspaper editor
Ecuador appeals court rules against Chevron in oil case:  An Ecuadorean appeals court has upheld a ruling that Chevron should pay damages totalling $18.2bn (11.5bn) over Amazon oil pollution. 
Swiss bankers charged in $1.2 billion tax fraud 
Coca-Cola implicated in the propping of African dictator. The ethics of doing business with a known tyrant.
Romanian State Companies to Donate 85% of Profit - In a controversial move, the Romanian government has ordered state companies to transfer most of their 2012 profits to the state budget.
Czech author Josef Skvorecky, who took a stand against communist authorities in his native country by publishing banned works, has died aged 87. 
Iranian Paliament prepares bill to bar foreign warships from Persian Gulf
Japanese whalers &amp; Protestors in Water Cannon Clash
Bangladeshs Wall of Death: Life at the India-Bangladesh border is hostile and strange, and often deadly.
Chinese Airlines Refuse to Pay EU Carbon Tax - 
Airlines ponder legal challenge to carbon emissions scheme, while Chinese government may resort to retaliatory measures
Armed clashes erupt in central Tripoli: Ex-rebels who remain organised in militia brigades are visible in many parts of the Libyan capital, and some have taken control of former government buildings, using them as headquarters
Why Spains New Government is Drinking Austerity Kool-Aid &amp; How This Threatens the Global Economy - 
European elites push economic myths that benefit the rich &amp; screw the rest. Spains program means even higher public deficits, fewer jobs, &amp; slowed growth
Ecuador Upholds $18 billion Ruling Against Chevron for Polluting Amazon Rainforest Over 20 Years Ago
In November 2005, a Marine squad killed 24 Iraqis, some of them women and children, in the village of Haditha. Staff Sgt. Frank Wuterich led the squad of Marines, and on Wednesday hell face voluntary manslaughter charges at Camp Pendleton.
Iran, U.S. play cat and mouse with the worlds oil
Breiviks insanity disputed by 4 new experts
Egypt Elections: Illiterate voters just one hurdle in path toward democracy - 
In one Nile Delta town participating in Egypt elections, a judge said he had to help fill in ballots for as many as 90% of voters, who couldnt read &amp; write
BBC News - China tycoon ate poisoned cat-meat stew
Syrian activists say government armor still in cities:  Opposition activists said on Wednesday armored vehicles were still in the streets of Syrian cities ready to act against protesters, contradicting statements by Arab League peace monitors that troops had withdrawn.
Protest Against Corruption Erupts in Eastern China
File-Sharing Recognized as Official Religion in Sweden
Greece: The history behind the collapse --- Professor of geopolitics at Sorbonne seeks to explain peculiarities of Greeces political administration, dysfunctional economy. And the lessons Europe must learn from his countrys near failure
Over Half of Germanys Renewable Energy Owned by Citizens &amp; Farmers, Not Utility Companies
Stephen Hawking, unable to deliver 70th birthday speech.
Extremist Jews prevent women from voting in Israel
Indigenous Amazonian Child Burned to Death by Loggers - 
It was just pure evilness. She is from another tribe, they live in the woods, &amp; have no contact with white people, said one witness.
Workers at a Hyundai Motor engine factory have suspended production there after an employee set himself on fire to protest the companys alleged suppression of union activities
RIM, Nokia and Apple added backdoors to their mobile software which the Indian Militarys intelligence service then used to spy on the US-China Economic and Security Review Commission. The backdoors were added in exchange for Indian market presence
Haiti 2 years later: Half a million still in camps
Iran death sentence for CIA spy Amir Mirzai Hekmati
OCCUPY NIGERIA: Huge Strike Brewing As President Moves To End Fuel Subsidies
The Pirate Bay Shows Futility of Domain and DNS Blocks: In Oct 2011, a court in Finland ordered an ISP to block The Pirate Bay to stop copyright infringement among its subscribers. Today, the blockade took effect...
China is planning a military base in Pakistan, India Today reported, citing a secret report prepared by the governments joint intelligence committee.
8 Mighty Rivers Run Dry from Overuse
Body of self-immolated Tibetan monk publicly paraded in China
Picasso and Mondrian paintings stolen from the National Gallery in Athens, Greece.
Japan embassy firebombed in Seoul
Irans President Reaches Venezuela in his Latin American Tour
Want another sign of just how bad Greeces economy is?  Its agricultural industry is growing. 
Seoul Searching - Germans Give Pep Talks on Korean Unification - Currently, a delegate of veteran German politicians -- from the former east and west -- are advising the government in Seoul on how the country might reunify if the opportunity arises in the future.
Malaysian court finds opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim not guilty of sodomy.
Israeli court indicts 5 right-wing extremists - CNN.com
Iran sentences American man to death in CIA case - Yahoo! News
After the final round in Egypts elections, the Muslim Brotherhood is set to get 41% of the seats, the Salafis 20%, and the three main liberal parties 20% together.  Former Mubarak loyalists got 4%, and most of the rest goes to independents.
Danish warship captures suspected pirate mothership, frees 14 Pakistani and Iranian hostages and arrests 25 pirates.
Grim Toll As Cocaine Trade Expands in Honduras -- A new UN report shows Honduras to have the highest murder rate in the world. With Mexicos drug cartels looking for new routes to the U.S. market, the grim toll in Honduras is likely to get worse.
India on Track to Be Declared Polio-Free Next Month
Australia Tells Japan Whalers to Stay Out of it Waters  - Again
Top German cop installed spyware on his daughters computer to monitor her Internet usage, gets hacked in retaliation
McDonalds restaurants are fighting back against thieves by blasting suspected robbers with an invisible DNA spray as they attempt to flee. The spray...remains on the suspects skin for two weeks and on clothes for up to six months 
North Korea announces prisoner amnesty
Swiss want six holiday weeks, Swiss voters are likely to give themselves two weeks of extra holidays when they go to the polls for a referendum this March, a new survey shows.
A group of holy men in Indias Karnataka state are seeking to outlaw a century-old ritual in which low-caste Hindus roll in the remains of food eaten by members of a higher caste.
Mexicos Anti-Abortion Backlash - 
In just 2 years, half the countrys states have passed extreme fetal-rights amendments.  The Catholic Church headed a personhood sweep was so fast &amp; successful that no one had ever seen anything like it.  Women with suspicious miscarriages face prison.
Thomas Friedman draws jeers as he talks Islamism, democracy at the American University in Cairo.  Applause for student who said: You cant come here with a smile and preach to us on democracy when youve been demeaning Arabs and supporting war crimes in Gaza and Iraq..we dont welcome you here
Plant found in Brazil capturing worms underground
The Greek parents too poor to care for their children
Iran jamming Al Jazeera broadcasts
The Greeks Are Confused By A New Law That Would Classify Pedophiles And Pyromaniacs As Disabled
India reports completely drug-resistant TB strain.
Greeks Go Back To The Land --- 
University graduates become snail farmers. A nuclear physicist trains to become a ship engineer. Not such unusual stories when urban employment is so high. Many are returning to rural areas, others are going to sea
More Monks Die by Fire in Protest of Beijing: The deaths suggest that self-immolation is gaining favor as a form of political protest for Tibetan clergy. And they underscore the challenges the Chinese authorities face in controlling more than five million ethnic Tibetans 
American has 20 days to appeal Iranian death sentence
29 Chinese Fishermen Suing ConocoPhillips &amp; China National Offshore Oil Corp   for $34 million over economic losses following oil leaks in Bohai Bay
Over 40% of Indian children are malnourished, report finds
After years of preparation, a project that would reshape the geography of Canadas energy landscape is entering public hearings. 
Bulgarias Organized Crime Unit Raids Large Torrent Sites, Arrests 17-Yr-Old Admin
 Bahrain unrest: policeman is jailed for having joined protests
 Fukushima nuclear plant worker in coma after collapsing at site
Chinese writers sue Apple for copyright violation
Nationwide Occupy strike paralyzes Nigeria 
Doomsday Clock Moved 1 Minute Closer to Midnight
Loggers in Brazil captured an eight-year-old girl from one of the Amazons last uncontacted tribes and burned her alive as part of a campaign to force the indigenous population from its land.
300 Chinese Foxconn Workers Threaten Mass Suicide At XBox Plant, Reports Claim
Tens of Thousands living in 6x2ft rabbit cages in Hong Kong... Landlords charging $200 a month per cage
Mexicos drug war kills more than 47,000 in 5 years
Britain to grant Scotland binding independence vote ... Britains government confirmed Tuesday it would happily offer Scotland the powers it needs to sever centuries-old ties to England
The mafia is now Italys largest bank
Children dumped in streets by Greek parents who cant afford to look after them any more.   4-year-old found clutching note: I cant afford her.  Country also running out of medicine.  What is fast becoming the most tragic human consequence of the Euro crisis.
Foxconn Claims its Resolved its Worker Issues After Employees Threaten Suicide - The iPhones &amp; Xboxes maker disputes the number of their employees who apparently hate their lives so much they threatened to kill themselves, saying it was 150  &amp; not 300, as  reported by China
North Korea Sending Citizens To Labor Camp For Insufficiently Mourning Kim Jong Il 
Dutch ISPs Ordered To Block The Pirate Bay
Kim Jong Ils body to go on permanent display in Pyongyang
he Harper government has served notice that thousands of same-sex couples who flocked to Canada from abroad since 2004 to get married are not legally wed.
Russian ship stopped carrying arms bound for Syria
EMI sues Irish state for not fulfilling its obligations under European law which would otherwise allow for the blocking, diverting or interrupting of internet communications which breach copyright law
Heart attack: Mexican medics drop heart for transplant in front of press
Haiti: 2 Years After the Quake [pics]
Canadian military containers from Afghanistan arrive missing equipment and full of rocks and sand
Brazil says no evidence loggers burned indigenous girl.
Afghanistans President Karzai condemns video showing desecration of bodies: This act by American soldiers is simply inhuman and condemnable in the strongest possible terms.
Irans currency in freefall --- Irans currency has slid 20 percent against the dollar in the last week despite central bank intervention
Iran Says Scientists Murder Reveals Global Terror Campaign
UKs Duchess of York charged in Turkey with illegally filming orphans for a 2008 TV documentary
Opium price rises by 133% in Afghanistan 
Holland bans khat leaves: Chewing of khat can make you happy, but it can also lead to psychosis.
Why Are England and Scotland Splitting? - 
To understand the secession, look at the problems in the EU
MIT study shows that the increased presence of local female political leaders in India has had a marked impact on adolescents and their families, raising the career aspirations and educational performance of young women.
Irans nuclear scientists are not being assassinated. They are being murdered
Liberal party of Canada endorse marijuana legalization
The Pirate Bay: PIPA/SOPA Wont Stop Us!
Captain of sinking cruise ship in Italy abandoned the ship and was ordered to go back. He didnt.
Its a girl: The three deadliest words in the world
Norway authorities take away Indian couples kids, say feeding with hands wrong
London has them. And Amsterdam. And Copenhagen. Now Sweden plans a 4-lane superhighway, just for bicycles.
Kim Jong Nam: In a new book, Kim Jong Ils eldest son says the new North Korean regime is bound for disaster.
Damning Tape of Cruise Ships Captain - As the captain of the stricken Costa Concordia was appearing in court, &amp; the death toll rose to 11, a recording emerged purporting to show heated radio exchanges between him &amp; the harbour master
How Iceland came back from economic meltdown and what it means for U.S. and Europe
Human Rights Watch states $32 Billion Missing in Oil-rich poverty-stricken Angola; $7.1 billion transferred into escrow accounts overseas and $24.9 billion that appear as an unexplained discrepancy in government accounts.
The worlds top oil exporter, Saudi Arabia, said on Monday it could increase oil production by about 2 million barrels per day (bpd) almost immediately, a day after Iran threatened its Gulf neighbors not to compensate for any shortfall in its oil exports if sanctions bite too harshly.
Ethiopias government has been accused of forcing tens of thousands of people off their land so it can be leased to foreign investors.
In India, the Challenge of Building 50,000 Colleges - 
To become an economic powerhouse, India needs to educate as many as 100 million young people over the next 10 years  something never done before. 
Listen Schettino, there are people trapped aboard, you go with your lifeboat under the prow of the ship on the port side and you go aboard the ship using the rope ladder. You go aboard and you tell me how many people there are. Is it clear? Im recording this conversation, Commander Schettino
Is America Helping Israel Kill Iranian Scientists? The View From Iran
Israels national suicide 
Chinas Strong GDP Report Actually Reveals How Easily The Country Could Go Into A Hard Landing
Dutch lab that created deadly bird flu virus attacks America for redacting its research
French parliament report accuses Israel of water apartheid in West Bank 
Pakistans government goes on trial: The Pakistan government, a key US ally, is on verge of collapse.
Why Are Tibetan Monks Setting Themselves on Fire? The rising practice of self-immolation follows severe government restrictions, an ebbing Tibetan identity, and reports of torture
Israel need not choose between a nuclear Iran and war. A third alternative is a nuclear-free zone
Ships captain was showboating, admits cruise firm - Wanted to give the head waiter a better view of his home 
The Mexican navy says it has seized 195 tonnes of chemicals which can be used to make the drug methamphetamine
BBC News - Israel launches air strike on northern Gaza Strip
51 people, mostly women and children, killed in South Sudan
Ethiopia: Tens of thousands forced off land for foreign investors, HRW says --  Under Ethiopias villagization program, about 70,000 people have been forcibly relocated from agricultural areas slated for development by foreign investors, a Human Rights Watch report says.
The World Bank says the global economy is on the edge of a new financial crisis, deeper and more damaging than the one that followed the collapse of Lehman Brothers in 2008.
Shangri-La joins fight against shark fin soup
Should captain go down with his ship? | Captain 
Francesco Schettino is under fire for abandoning 
ship while passengers remained aboard
Chevrons burning rig begins to collapse (Nigeria)
EU launches legal action against Hungarian reforms:  The European Union has launched legal proceedings against Hungary over controversial reforms to the judiciary, banking sector and data protection authority which it says contravene EU law.
Greek rescue blocked by hedge fund greed. Financiers who bought distressed Greek debt insist on making vast profits from the crisis
German Euro-Deputy: S&amp;P Downgrade Part Of American War Against The Euro
BBC News - Concrete balls to deter Indonesia train surfers
Currency crisis in Iran as sanctions start to bite
In Haiti, former dictator Baby Doc Duvalier is thriving ... facing charges of crimes against humanity Baby Doc Duvalier is living a nice life here after his sudden return from exile 
Ceasefire agreed in Syrian mountain town: Opposition says army to withdraw from Zabadani after deal agreed by town leaders and deputy defence minister.
Israeli Hackers Kill Saudi and UAE Stock Markets
Israeli Hackers Bring Down Saudi Stock Exchange Website
Syrian troops fighting rebels in the town of Zabadani near Lebanon agreed on Tuesday to a ceasefire as the U.N. Security Council diplomats held prolonged talks on a proposed Russian resolution on Syria.
China says government to be more open, but strict Internet controls to remain ... Officials will expand the use of government spokespeople, boost the overseas reach of state media, and promote the use of microblogs to interact with the public
Ethiopian gunmen kill five foreign tourists
Pakistan rejects U.S. envoy visit, reviewing cooperation with US/NATO with no firm timeline
Activists and Japanese whalers clash at sea:  Three activists says they have cuts and bruises after clashing with a Japanese whaling ship in the Southern Ocean.
Syria: 20 miles from Damascus, an oasis of fragile freedom
UK Times (News Ltd) editor opposes any regulation of media as it would chill/hinder free speech. Fails to mention that lack of regulation or oversight led to his appearance at Leveson Enquiry.
Slow response to East Africa famine cost lives
Cruise Captain Says He Tripped Into Lifeboat, Couldnt Get Out
Long dismissed as a playboy, Kim Jong Ils eldest son has become an outspoken and dangerous critic of the regime
Julian Assange - 
Under house arrest in England, the WikiLeaks founder opens up about his battle with the Times, his stint in solitary &amp; the future of journalism
Canadian MPs are screwing taxpayers by getting their pension contributions matched 23 TIMES
Mali army repels Tuareg rebel attacks:  After serving with pro-Gaddafi forces in Libya, tribal fighters engage Malian troops in effort to seize northern towns. 
Russia will offer Washington no explanation for arms deliveries to Syria and together with China will prevent the U.N. Security Council from approving any military intervention in the conflict
Mexican Murder Training Camps Are Very Real &amp; Very Scary - 
Theyd give them a machete. If not, theyd give them a sledge hammer &amp; theyd tell them to kill the people theyd tied up, said a Zetas hitman in a Texas court yesterday--a glimpse of how terrifying Mexican drug cartels really are.
Russia vows to block Western military intervention in Syria as clashes continue 
Britain admits fake rock plot to spy on Russians
The 10 Fastest-Growing (&amp; Declining) Cities in the World - A new survey from the Brookings Institution ranks the worlds 200 largest metropolitan economies -- which account for half of global GDP -- from 1-200
Afghanistan blasts kill 13 in Helmand province
Mein Kampf To Be Published in Germany? British publisher insists he wants to demystify Hitlers book, while critics see profit motive.
Norway spy chief Kristiansen quits after revealing they have agents in Pakistan
Gaza rights groups accuse Hamas of abuses - Al Jazeera English
BBC News - Argentina outraged at Camerons colonialism remarks
Iranian actress causes scandal with nude photos ---  
Paris-based actress Golshifteh Farahani banned from returning to Iran after posing nude for French magazine
The Bangladesh army says it has foiled a coup planned against the government
Keystone XL pipeline proposal rejected - Prime Minister Harper profoundly disappointed.  TransCanada will apply again, CEO says.
France Easily Sells Bonds as Sarkozy Attacks S&amp;P - It was almost like Standard &amp; Poors stripping France of its AAA credit rating never happened.   Paris was able to sell almost 8 billion euros worth &amp; offered a lower rate of interest to investors than before.
Egypts military rulers and the Interior Ministry have devised plans to confront protesters during 25 January anniversary celebrations:  includes batons, loud speakers, colored chemicals that will stain ones skin (for six months) and live ammunition aimed at feet if necessary.
Russia warns against Iran strike
Mexican army frees kidnapped children from kidnapping gang
China begins to turn against Iran
Nuke support in UK hits record high
Sorry Day for Murdoch as High Court Hears Hacking Apology - News International hopes to settle claims -- but lawyer says more victims emerge every day
Thailand recognizes Palestinian state
Cruise Captain not the only one to fall into life boat: Second and third in command also tripped and fell into same lifeboat
Hallelujah! Canadians agree its time to legalize marijuana
Five Muslim men in  UK are guilty of stirring up hatred by handing out leaflet advocating death penalty for gay people
Canadian freestyle skier Sarah Burke dead at 29
Undercover police had children with activists they spied on
5 unemployed Moroccan men set themselves on fire after demonstrating against a lack of jobs, especially for university graduates
Cruise ships cook says captain ordered dinner after crash
Senior al Qaeda figure killed in drone strike
When faced with a non functional printing press, the staff from a Japanese newspaper hand wrote copies to keep reader up to date with vital information during the crisis
Iran calls for Israel to be punished
Cuban hunger striker Wilmar Villar dies in jail
Myanmar president vows no turning back on democratic reforms, calls for lifting sanctions 
Foxconn Chiefs Unfortunate Animal-Worker Comparison - 
Though its spinning the CEOs comparison of his workforce to zoo creatures as cultural mis-communication, it doesnt change the fact it treats workers like animals. The remark came after the firm was accused of pushing its workers to suicide. 
Multiple explosions in Northern Irish city of Derry blamed on dissident republican group - possibly the real IRA
Crocodile swallows 10 year old girl whole.
BBC News - First video of Fukushima nuclear reactor interior
Four French troops shot by Afghan soldier
Cuba offers to swap US spy for 5 Cubans imprisoned in the US
Moammar Gadhafi had undeclared chemical weapons, monitors say
The use of Sharia, or Islamic religious law, is growing in Britain, with thousands of Muslims using it to settle disputes each year. Some womens groups are objecting.
Afghanistan: France suspends training ops after Afghan soldier shoots dead 4 French troops and maiming 16 others
Six Nato soldiers killed in Afghan helicopter crash
A series of about 20 explosions has rocked Kano, the main city in the north of Nigeria.
Pakistans Culture of Honorable Corruption 
Europe is considering a sweeping new law that would force Internet companies like Amazon.com and Facebook to obtain explicit consent from consumers about the use of their personal data, delete that data forever at the consumers request and face fines for failing to comply.
Forced Sterilization for Transgendered People in Sweden
All EU member states to sign ACTA treaty on Thursday
Judge says taking similar-looking photos is piracy
More than 1,300 Kyrgyz prisoners have sewn their lips together as part of an ongoing protest at poor living conditions
Online protests in Poland over anti-piracy pact: 100 Polish websites shrouded their pages in black to protest against Warsaws plan to sign a multilateral anti online piracy accord this week
Portugals President Complains About His Pension Cut - His remarks spark storm of indignation, prompting protesters to gather outside the presidential palace to sarcastically donate money &amp; food to the head of state 
The Freedom to Be Free: Battle Lines Drawn in Global Copyright Confrontation --- Recent weeks have seen spectacular arrests and mounting tension between those who would like to make it harder to share copyrighted material online and those who champion Internet freedom
Group of French artist-hackers prowls Paris at night, restoring neglected artifacts 
Anonymous brings down several government sites in Ireland
Gaddafis green flag raised in Libyan town after bloody uprising... as civil war fears rise
The Pirate Bay declares 3D printed physibles as the next frontier of piracy 
Danish and American aid worker hostages in Somalia rescued by US Navy SEALs in overnight raid
Japans 1st trade deficit since 1980 calls into question how much longer it can rely on exports to help finance a huge public debt
Chevron Says Its Still Trying to Put Out Rig Fire Thats Been Burning for 10 Days off Nigerias Coast
Mexico drug war boosts security business: Amid the violence, Mexicos rich get ID chips, armored cars and gunmen on call
Students at a London school were told a mystery speaker was going to come and talk to them. It was Bill Gates. 
Bus rampage through crowded Indian streets kills 9
 injuring more than two dozen as he mowed down pedestrians and rammed other vehicles.
 Mutiny underway in PNG
 Mexico City Being Buried in Trash - Closure of huge landfill last month has triggered illegal dumping across the metropolis &amp; left officials trying to figure where to take 12,000 tonnes of waste a day
 An example of International campaign finance. Intelligence reports received by Indias Electoral Commission suggested that upwards of $2 billion in so-called black money will be spent to influence the state elections this year.
 Hong Kong protests: Chinese professor sparks outrage over dog comments
 Proposed EU data protection rules include right to be forgotten, allowing people to have data held about them deleted if there are no legitimate grounds for retaining it
 There has been a military mutiny in Papua New Guinea, with a group of rebel soldiers taking the commander of the countrys defence force captive in Port Moresby.
 Who Are Boko Haram and Why Are They Terrorizing Nigerian Christians?
Acta goes too far, says MEP-Kader Arif, the lead Acta negotiator in the European Parliament, says Acta potentially cuts access to lifesaving generic drugs and restricts online freedom
Disgraced British banker loses his knighthood
Poland may not ratify ACTA (xpost R/evolutionReddit)
The Nobel Peace Prize committee under investigation for not following Nobels original intentions contained in his will.
As tensions rise, Iranians fear that theyre on the road to war with U.S.
Saudi Oil Minister Calls Global Warming Humanitys Most Pressing Concern
A review has exonerated the actions of officers who twice strip-searched a 12-year-old girl during a drug raid.
Western media show bias labeling Nanjing massacre film The Flowers of War as anti-Japanese nationalistic propaganda while lauding Holocaust films
The U.S. military said in a secret report that the Taliban, backed by Pakistan, are set to retake control of Afghanistan after NATO-led forces withdraw, raising the prospect of a major failure of Western policy after a costly war.
Leave isolated Amazon natives alone, Peru says, after pictures of uncontacted tribe members published 
In Israel, A Nonstop Debate On Possible Iran Strike Soon
Angry Birds CEO embraces piracy, calls music industry attempts futile
Europes space industry, cash-strapped as a result of the debt crisis, wants to step up cooperation with China, which has an ambitious program and is building a moon-landing vehicle and capsules for manned missions. Such an alliance would likely cause tensions with the US.
Four Radical Islamists Admit Plot To Blow Up London Stock Exchange
1 million packs of birth control pills recalled for inadequate dose
Polish President wants ACTA civil rights clarification (xpost R/evolutionReddit)
Oil now leaking from stricken Carnival cruise ship
At least 73 killed, 200 injured at soccer riot in Port Said Egypt today
India is the most dangerous place in the world to be born a girl, with females almost twice as likely to die before reaching the age of five, according to new UN figures.
Aussie bus boss wows staff with $16M in bonuses 
The Norway town that forgave and forgot its child 
killers
Entire Village of Sodeto Wins Lottery - Except for one guy
Four men admit London Stock Exchange bomb plot ...  pleaded guilty to engaging in conduct in preparation for acts of terrorism
Drones for Human Rights -- DRONES are not just for firing missiles in Pakistan. In Iraq, the State Department is using them to watch for threats to Americans. Its time we used the revolution in military affairs to serve human rights advocacy.
Osama Bin Laden Death Photos May Be Released 
Slovenias ambassador apologizes to her children and her nation for signing ACTA, calls for mass demonstrations in Ljubljana tomorrow (xpost R/evolutionReddit)
Scientology condemned in France for organized fraud
Anonymous hack into phone conversation between FBI and Scotland Yard
Thailand has become the first nation to openly endorse Twitters decision to allow state by state censorship. The move is no surprise  Thailand recently jailed an elderly man with cancer for sending 4 text messages criticizing the King, despite being unable to prove he sent them.
Iran is about to lose access to SWIFT payments.  This could be devastating...
No recent contact with Russian team digging to mid-Neogene Lake in Antarctica
Mass Killings Uncovered Near Damascus
130 million Tweets everyday are not worth reading, researchers find  - Telegraph
Libyan diplomat Omar Brebesh dies under torture
Some in India wonder whether their countrymen can take a joke -- A Jay Leno joke draws a rebuke from an Indian Cabinet minister, and political cartoons lead to treason charges. Some Indians say their countrymen are overreacting.
 Two former Credit Suisse traders admitted on Wednesday to conspiring to manipulate the value of about $3 billion in subprime mortgage-backed securities in order to hide losses as the U.S. real estate market began to collapse in 2007.
 Serbia re-nationalizes its steel industry buying back a sprawling steelworks from US Steel Corp.
The UNs highest court confirmed Friday that Germany has legal immunity from being sued in foreign courts by victims of Second World War Nazi atrocities
Witnesses of soccer riot in Egypt recount horrific violence that killed 74 people, say police blocked exits and cut power in retaliation for role fans played in uprising.
At least 37 people have been killed in South Sudan during a shoot-out at a peace meeting aimed at ending recent violence
ACTA on the edge in Europe? Poland suspends ratification, Greece gets hacked
New mutiny in Mexicos Ciudad Juarez: A threat sends 2,000 officers into hiding as cartels fight to control Juarez.
How Greece used magic to make its debt disappear
Anonymous hack FBI and Scotland Yard phone call
The End of Great Britain? Scottish Separatists Have High Hopes for Referendum 
Iran Rebuffs Nuke Inspectors Trying to Visit Suspected Weapons Site
Swiss Question 12 Banks as Libor Probe Widens - Switzerland is investigating European, US, &amp; Japanese banks suspected of conspiring to manipulate interbank lending rates used to set interest rates on hundreds of trillions of dollars of securities
Iran retaliating for scientists deaths
Egypt gunmen snatch US tourists 
Cold weather death toll passes 100 in Ukraine
Lake Vostok surface reached
The last World War I veteran has died.
UK Government may sanction nerve-agent use on rioters.
Honour killings un-Islamic, ... fatwa declares in wake of Shafia trial 
Iran defaults on rice payments to India
Japan population to shrink by a third by 2060
Lead Poisoning Worst in Modern History - 
A lead poisoning epidemic in Nigeria has killed 400 children &amp; affected thousands, but cleanup hasnt even begun in many areas
Syria: Homs attack is a game-changerThe onslaught in Syria marks a new chapter in which further bloodshed appears inevitable.
The network of trolls, journalists and bloggers paid to ensure flattering coverage of Vladimir Putin
RAF helicopter death revelation leads to secret Iraq detention camp
Live feed from Syria gives window into violent crackdown, shows shelling and gunfire in Homs.
Met Police unlawfully failed to warn victims of News of the World phone hacking
President of Maldives Steps Down After Police Coup
Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar and the UAE Recall Ambassadors From Syria, Expel Syrian Diplomats
Turkey is preparing a new initiative with those countries who oppose the Syrian government, Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan said on Tuesday, describing Chinas and Russias veto of a U.N. resolution on Syria a fiasco.
Britain was forced to plead with the US to take part in the flotilla challenging Iranian power in the Gulf after American commanders decided the Royal Navy had nothing to contribute to the mission.
Olive glut puts skids under oil producers at risk. A second bumper harvest could see Spanish farmers driven from the land they have worked for generations
Another European government falls amidst eurocrisis: Romanias government collapsed - the latest European government to give way amid popular resentment toward austerity measures
Its Time To End the Greek Rescue Farce
There is a widespread belief that Germany is the big winner of the euro crisis, as investors stash their money in the euro zones last safe haven, driving interest rates on German bonds down to record lows. But the idea is just a myth. Indeed, the crisis could end up costing Berlin dearly.
Irish Urge Children to Leave Amid Job Losses
In Syria, a once-quiet village tips into revolution:  Anadan, in the shadow of Syrias second-largest city, has expelled Bashar Assads forces. Its another tug on the tightrope the president is walking.
Latin Americas growing taste for whisky:  The whisky business gets a boost from Latin Americas new middle-class.
Are NGOs fanning unrest in Egypt? As rights groups come under scrutiny over foreign funding, we ask if the ruling military is hunting for a scapegoat.
French airport workers strike over right to strike:  Hundreds of striking aviation workers gathered outside Pariss main airports Monday to protest against a draft law designed to protect passengers from industrial action, which they say threatens their right to strike. 
For the first year in its history, India has no reported cases of polio.
Nicaraguas push to generate 94 percent of its own electricity from renewable resources  by 2016 without damaging the environment  has united the country.
An undercover police officer chased himself round the streets for 20 minutes after a CCTV operator mistook him for suspect.
Monsanto, the creator of chemical weapon Agent Orange, returns to Vietnam - this time to sell GM crops and weed-killing chemicals in Vietnam; many outraged
UK denies Alan Turing postumous pardon for homosexuality
Saudi Arabia Promises To Go Nuclear if Iran Does
A poll of Arab public opinion by the University of Maryland and Zogby International, which included Egypt, asked respondents to name two countries that are the biggest threat to you: 88% named the United States, and 77% named Israel; only 9% chose Iran
Massive 40-Foot Shark Pulled From the Arabian Sea -- estimates put it at around 40 feet (about the size of school bus), while largest confirmed whale shark on record was over 41 feet and weighed more than 47,000 pounds. 
Gadhafi regime missiles missing 
Irans parliament summons Ahmadinejad:  President to be questioned over a range of accusations, a first since the countrys revolution in 1979.
Nokia to End Phone Assembly in Europe - Itll end the assembly of cellphones in Europe by year-end as it shifts production to Asia in its latest attempt to cushion its finances
A Top Cop in China Disappears. Medical leave or asylum? - 
Chinas rumor mill is ablaze over the whereabouts of Wang Lijun, who went on vacation-style treatment. What happens next could be a blow to a top Communist Party contender. 
Over 2/3 of Irans lawmakers endorse cutting off oil sales to the European Union before EU sanctions on their country go into effect
Europe may be brutally cold right now, but in Freisland (Netherlands) they wait with bated breath in the hopes that conditions will be right for the Elfstedentocht, a traditional 200km, 11-city ice skating race, for the first time in 15 years.
Time to Act on Companies Selling Mass Spy Gear to 
Authoritarian Regimes 
Senior scientologist charged with perverting justice 
Anonymous Hacks Syrian President Bashar Assads Emails
A380 fleet to be checked for wing cracks: The entire fleet of A380 superjumbos is to be checked for cracks on their wings after orders from the European safety regulator.
Argentina to raise Falklands UK militarisation at UN
Theif turns in stolen mobile phone containing suspected child porn, ends up going to jail.
TEPCO injecting more water into Fukushima nuclear power plant reactor because temperature at base of pressure vessel has risen.
Syrian troops have continued shelling the city of Homs for the fifth straight day, killing scores of people.
Maldives: Muslim hardliners smashes Buddhist statues in national museum
Spanish police rescue Ryanairs Michael OLeary from angry mob
Maldives president quits after coup detat -  Security forces threatened bloodbath if Mohamed Nasheed remained in power, his party says.
Charlotte Church stands alone as hacking victims settle. Singers refusal to accept pre-trial deal means Murdoch empire still faces damaging court case
Its a bloodletting in Syria. Civilians are facing tanks. Theres every indication the dictatorship is moving to crush, once and for all, the eleven-month-old rebellion against the 40-year dictatorship of the Assad family.
Israel teams with terror group to kill Irans nuclear scientists
Indian POliticians get caught watching porn during meeting: ...was not looking at porn but watching video of a women being raped by several men...
Mexico makes historic 15 ton  methamphetamine seizure
Vatican official: Sexual abuse silence deadly for Church
The Knights Templar, a violent, pseudo-religious cartel from the neighboring state of Michoacan unfurled banners in a Mexican city that Pope Benedict was scheduled to visit, telling rival traffickers to keep out.
North Koreas super-sized hotel is set to open  23 years behind schedule. Its taller than the Chrysler building, wider than a city block, and made entirely of concrete. 
Afghanistans Opium Child Brides  As the heroin trade suffers, more Afghan poppy farmers feel they have no choice but to marry off their daughters, sometimes to unsavory and far-away men, to pay their debts.
We are seriously dying here. It is really war: Residents of Homs say the Syrian army is carrying out a ferocious bombardment against helpless civilians
High demand for sea turtles in China sends poachers toward Philippines
Iraq executes scores of prisoners in first 40 days of 2012
Falkland Islands newspaper the Penguin News causes uproar after calling the Argentinian President a bitch
Women labourers give opium to infants to keep them quiet while working in Indian state Rajasthan
Russias young people are growing up with more freedom than ever. Twenty years after the end of communism, the first post-Soviet generation is transforming the country -- whether the once and future president likes it or not.
Anarchy in Aceh: Criminalizing punk rock under Islamic law
Syrian forces renew bombardment in Homs
Greek Austerity Moves Leave Nations Economic Safety Net In Tatters
British businesses could be forced to appoint fixed quotas of women to their boards of directors under radical plans being considered by the UK Government.
Vagabond King --- 
Profile of Valentine Strasser, made president of Sierra Leone at 25 by military coup in 1992; forced out after four years; tried to study in Britain; returned, lives with his mother, drinks gin by the roadside, reminisces
Germany Expels Four Syrian Diplomats
Russian city of St. Petersburg bans spreading of homosexual propaganda
Thousands of Maldivians condemn coup:  Supporters rally in Male to demand Mohamed Nasheeds return to power, a day after he was forced to quit as president.
Germany is investing heavily in renewables and its one of the few economies thriving in Europe
Targeting teachers image: Dirty war against Colombias unions --  Few bright spots in the worlds most dangerous place for labor organizers.
Monsanto is found guilty of chemical poisoning in France. The company was sued by a farmer who suffers neurological problems that the court found linked to pesticides.
Maldives: Islamists Storm National Museum, Destroy Entire Collection of 12th-Century Buddhist Statues
Last Of The Cave People: A nomadic people in Papua New Guinea were rumored to be living in remote caves in the forest. When we found them, they sent a surprising message to the modern world.
Osama Bin Laden told his children: Live in Peace in the West. Get an Education.
Video Shows Syrian Anti-Aircraft Tank Firing Randomly Into Peoples Homes
Democracy is ending in the land where it began
Amazon Defenders Face Death or Exile - 
Brazilian activists who inform on illegal loggers laying waste to the rainforests can expect a visit from the gunmen
BBC News - Delhi blast hits Israeli diplomats car
Osama bin Ladens told his children not to follow him down path of jihad  
Saudi Writer Is Facing a Possible Death Sentence Over Tweets on Prophet
Riots spread as Greek lawmakers OK austerity bill 
Israel says bombs target embassies in India, Georgia
NATO says found Afghan children dead after air strike
Iran: 30 million lose email access 
Archaeologists strike gold in quest to find Queen of 
Shebas wealth 
What Greek Austerity Looks Like
China has urged Iran to cooperate more closely with the global nuclear watchdog and rejoin talks on its nuclear program that has caused a rift with the West.
Supply of Childhood Leukemia Drug May Run Out Within Weeks
Libya Tells UN Rights Council: Gays threaten continuation of human race
Libyas post-suspension return marked by Islamist policy on gays
Athens mayhem raises fears of Greek social explosion. We refuse to stand against our parents, our brothers, our children, the Greek Police Federation said.
Greece lies bankrupt, humiliated and ablaze: is cradle of democracy finished? The violence, looting and chaos engulfing the country underlines growing rift between the Greek people and their politicians
The Russians are leaving  Russia: Highly qualified middle-class professionals, feeling ignored by the countrys economy and political system, are emigrating in search of greener pastures. 
Irish TDs to filter letters of complaint from public as Spam
Israeli air raid kills Palestinian in Gaza
Car Bombs in India and Georgia Targeted Israeli Officials -- Israel has confirmed that a car bomb that went off at its embassy in New Delhi was targeting one of its diplomats, while another bomb near its embassy in Tbilisi, Georgia has been defused.
Canadian legislation will require internet service providers to log internet activity of all customers and provide information to government and police. The government says anyone who is against the bill is siding with child pronographers
(Canadian) Conservative Party wants warrant-less searches of everyones internet history, saying all that oppose this support child porn.
Athens in Flames [pics]
Dresden stands up to neo-Nazi march - For years, neo-Nazis have marched on the anniversary of the 1945 Dresden air raid. In 2011, tension with counter-demonstrators escalated into clashes. But this year, the city seemed to have learned from past mistakes. 
China cops beat Tibet monk as he burns
Malaysia Celebrates Valentines Day by Arresting Unmarried Couples
Rome dropped its bid for the 2020 Olympics on Tuesday after Premier Mario Monti said the Italian government would not provide financial backing for an estimated $12.5-billion project at a time of economic crisis.
Millions of young people worldwide are unemployed - are we creating a lost generation?
WTF: India gives gallantry award to the police officer who stripped a woman naked, gave her electric shocks and shoved stones in her private parts.
Motorcycle hitman uses magnetic bomb against Israeli diplomat -- same method as killed the Iranian scientist.
China to deport 29 North Korean defectors back to North Korea after several of them tried to reunite with family in South
The Way Greeks Live Now --- 
A glimpse into harsh reality of life in Greece, where half of all under 25s are now out of work. And yet despite economic turmoil somehow everyday life rumbles on, in a collective trance, shot through with gallows humor
Iranian bomber injured in Bangkok. Other explosions were reported in the same busy commercial district of the Thai capital, injuring four others.
Antarctic water PR stunt involving Vladimir Putin comes unstuck - 
Head of Russian scientific expedition admits contents of presentation case were not actually from ancient sub-glacial lake
JPMorgan, Deutsche Bank and HSBC are among at least seven firms facing a Canadian probe into whether they participated in a conspiracy to manipulate prices on interest-rate derivatives
Los Zetas, Mexicos number 2 drug cartel, paid hundreds of dollars to ordinary people to buy 203 assault rifles, handguns and a sniper rifle in Texas
Vladimir Putin ridiculed after demanding Russians have more sex to halt declining population
The one year anniversary of Bahrains suppressed protest movement erupted in clashes as security personnel fanned out through the capital, Manama.
Homs is being bombarded by rocket fire
The Twitter followers who encouraged a Saudi journalist accused of blasphemy may be charged with the same crime
Argentinas transport workers union says it will boycott ships flying the British flag because of the dispute over the Falkland Islands
CANADA - Proposed bill for expanded surveillance tabled in Commons
Canada stepped up pressure on Washington on Monday [13 February 2012] to rewrite its controversial Volcker rule to remove restrictions on Canadian bank activities that it says do not threaten the U.S. financial system.
Monsanto found guilty of poisoning in pesticide case
Stem cells taken from patients heart heal heart attack scars, regrow healthy muscle
Bill C-309, if passed, would make it a crime to protest in a mask.  Could be up to a five year sentence.
Acta loses more support in Europe as Netherlands and Bulgaria join Poland and Germany in refusing to support it.
UK Parliament members concluded that the Internet plays a major role in the radicalization of terrorists and called on the government to pressure ISPs in Britain and abroad to censor online speech
An EU court rules that social networking sites cant be compelled to install general filters to prevent illegal trading of music and other copyrighted material.
After revolution in Egypt, womens taste of equality fades: Women were at the vanguard in the protests that ousted Hosni Mubarak. But long-held sexism has reasserted itself at the hands of the military and the Islamists.
Israel has threatened to tear down solar panels and wind turbines in Palestinian villages
Greece Is on Pace for the Worst Recession in Modern History  The Greek economy shrank nearly 7% in 2011, the fifth straight year the country has been in a recession. GDP has shriveled by a sixth since 2006, and unemployment has tripled over that period to 20%.
Acta is sinking: EU Court of Justice rules out private and automatic Censorship
Monsanto found guilty in French court of poisoning a farmer with weedkiller. 
UK shuts down popular blog RnBXclusive...the owners arrested for allegedly defrauding the music industry. In addition, SOCA threaten RnBXclusive users with 10 yrs in prison if they downloaded music through the site
N. Korean helicopter crashes, killing NK Minister of Commerce along with the commercial director of North Pyongan Province and related cabinet officials
Canada wants warrantless Internet spying, says 
critics support child porn 
Honduras govt report says most inmates in deadly prison fire were not convicted - The Washington Post
NATO admits 8 Afghan children killed in air strike
The Swedish Government wants to implement a change in the law which has the potential to make Sweden one of the toughest countries in the world to share files.
Dubai : 19 year old Indonesian girl kills her abusive 87 year old Singaporean employer.
French film ban raises autism issue
Saudi Arabias religious police have arrested more than 140 people for celebrating Valentines Day.
Facing a backlash, Ottawa moves to retool cybercrime bill
Rare Look at Chinas Energy Machine - 
A photographer gains an inside look at Chinas massive power complex.  Its energy use, production, &amp; ambitions are best captured by superlatives: The country is the worlds largest energy consumer &amp; leading source of greenhouse gas emissions
Iran wants early resumption of nuclear talks: letter
Worlds oldest hooker makes $80,000 a year from sex services at age of 97!
Greeces Model Mayor - Reform Hero Takes on Corruption in Thessaloniki
Facing backlash, Canada Conservatives eye rewrite of online-surveillance bill
Prosecutors Try to Lift German Presidents Immunity - Theyve asked the federal parliament to lift President Christian Wulffs immunity over an escalating home loan scandal
$6 Trillion in counterfeit US bonds found. Am I wrong for thinking this should be bigger news?
German president Christian Wulff resigns in corruption scandal
Canadians respond to new privacy bill by trending #TellVicEverything tweets, where they tweet the public safety minister about their mundane lives 
Adolf Hitler had a son with a French teenager while serving as a soldier during the First World War, according to new evidence.
Italy plans to tax Vatican on commercial properties
Wikileaks expressed outrage at not being granted a speaking slot at UNESCO event: The Media World after WikiLeaks and News of the World.
Kalashnikov 5: Brand-new AK-12 rifle unveiled
Olympic Ban on Saudi Arabia Is Urged Over Lack of Female Athletes
UN calls for Syrian president to step down
Dutch Prince Johan Friso buried by Austria avalanche
Poachers Slaughter 200 Elephants in Cameroon Park in 6 Weeks - 
Armed groups from Chad &amp; Sudan blamed for unprecedented killing fueled by demand for ivory
Mexico President Felipe Calderons message to US: No more weapons!
British tanks to be sent to Germany for storage so army can sell land in UK
Poachers have killed more than 200 elephants in Cameroon in just six weeks, in a massacre fuelled by Asian demand for ivory.
Germany president resigns over finances scandals
The wife of former Liberian president Charles Taylor has introduced a bill making homosexuality  liable to a death sentence.
 Japan Slowly Wakes Up to Doomsday Debt Risk -  Capital flight, soaring borrowing costs, tanking currency &amp; stocks &amp; a central bank forced to pump vast amounts of cash into local banks -- that is what Japan may have to contend with if it fails to tackle its snowballing debt
 Anthony Shadid, one of the finest reporters in the Middle East, has died while on assignment in Syria
India is Burning: How Rapid Growth is Destroying its Environment &amp; Future - The nations emerging environmental calamity threatens to overshadow -- and undermine -- its phenomenal development
German prosecutor asks for President Christian Wulffs immunity from prosecution to be lifted
How Chinese Energy Politics Will Reshape the Middle East - 
Chinas going to import a lot more oil from Iran &amp; the Arab world over the next 2 decades. America will import far less. Those 2 facts will profoundly change the geopolitics of the Middle East.
Armed militias in Libya are committing human rights abuses with impunity, threatening to destabilize the country and hindering its efforts to rebuild, Amnesty International said Thursday
Rupert Murdoch to launch new newspaper in UK
Record $6 Trillion of Fake U.S. Bonds Seized in Mafia Probe
Armed Robbery at Ancient Olympia museum in Greece, Dozens of artefacts reported to have been stolen.
Leaked Memo Blows The Lid Off Of The Entire Greek Bailout: That everything undertaken so far is destroying the Greek economy, and that further reforms will only make it worse.
China tries to bully Norway
Standard and Poor are being sued in Australia for the AAA rating they assigned to toxic structured-finance products
Nearly 300 Elephants Slain in Cameroon - There is a Serious Poaching Problem
Putin Calls for $772 Billion Upgrade to Rebuild Military
Russians revive Ice Age flower from an Ice Age squirrels treasure chamber, a burrow containing fruit and seeds that had been stuck in the Siberian permafrost for over 30,000 years.
Monaco prince bloodied after brawl in NYC bar - The prince &amp; his entourage were being completely obnoxious 
Worked to death:Working conditions are so bad workers in Cambodia collapse due to being exposed to strong chemicals in hot and poorly ventilated environment while working 12-14 hours a day. Last year, more than 200,000 workers went to the streets over the issue. 
Canada threatens trade war with EU over tar sands - 
The row over the EUs plan to label tar sands oil as highly polluting escalates as Canada says it will not hesitate to defend its interests
Iran has started a 4-day military exercise aimed at protecting its nuclear sites from an attack
Former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn is being questioned by French police investigating a suspected hotel prostitution ring.
Croatian President Invites Anonymous for Consultation over Controversial ACTA Law
Researchers have unearthed a forest in northern China preserved under a layer of ash deposited 300,000 years ago.
The people in Greece and peripheral countries must wake up to the fact that they are not dealing with reasonable people on the other side of the negotiating table.
Civilisation faces perfect storm of ecological and social problems: Abuse of the environment has created an absolutely unprecedented emergency, say Blue Planet prizewinners
Oil jumps to 9-month high above $105 in Europe as Iran cuts supply to Britain, France
Iranian military commander has said Iran would take pre-emptive action against its enemies if it felt its national interests were endangered
Mexico Prison Riot Was a Diversion For Escape
Portugal plays by the rules, but economy slumps: You have young without employment, and you have old people without money, and so there is no future for a country like that.
Protests, Self-Immolation Signs of a Desperate Tibet - 
Chinese authorities tighten security around Tibet after a series of demonstrations demanding more religious &amp; political freedoms. Self-immolation protests have led to violent confrontations, &amp; some monasteries are emptying.
Japanese mayor denies Nanjing massacre
South Korea suicide toll doubles over a decade
Iran Warns of Pre-Emptive Action in Nuclear Dispute
Koran Burning at Bargam Air Base Draws the Ire of Thousands
Pakistani Interior Minister Wants Interpol to Arrest Pervez Musharraf - Pakistan has never forgiven the former president for the death of former prime minister, Benazir Bhutto, &amp; now will ask Interpol to arrest him for failing to protect her from the deadly 2007 suicide attack that killed her 
Finally, Outrage in China Against Bear Farming
Imagine a country where the state spends more on preschool child care than on its defence budget.
Nearly 30 Buddhist statues at the Maldives National Museum were destroyed by vandals - Officials say the attack was motivated by religious extremism. The collection was totally, totally smashed. The whole pre-Islamic history is gone. 
Church of Scientology in Australia demands right to underpay workers 
Syrian leaders listed by UN for crimes against humanity
England riots: almost 1,000 people jailed so far, figures show. Average sentence of 14.2 months is four times the average jail term handed down by the courts for similar offences in 2010 
UN slams Canada for First Nations treatment
Giant Argentine train crash kills at least 40, hurts 550 when train plowed into a Buenos Aires platform
Syria: Tanks enter Homs after 20 day artillery barrage
Greek Deal Leaves Europe on the Road to Disaster --- If Europes new plan for Greece succeeds, nobody will be more surprised than the politicians who designed it.
Wife Admits: Slain Iranian Nuke Scientists Ultimate Goal Was the Annihilation of Israel
Charlotte Church settles over phone hacking with News 
Corp
Why the world isnt intervening in Syria
Its being called the negative salary.  Some Greeks might have to pay for their jobs.
Youcef Nadarkhani, Iranian pastor, sentenced to death for converting to Christianity
9 die in 2nd day of Afghan protests over Quran burnings
Russia warns against hasty conclusions over Iran.
In Hong Kong, for the first time, more people identify themselves as Hong Kongers, rather than Chinese. Its a feeling thats at the center of growing discontent between Hong Kong residents and native Chinese
China media calls for democracy at World Bank 
Afghan soldier kills two NATO troops at protests
| Reuters
Mugabe scoffs at calls to retire:  In power since 1980, Zimbabwes president declares himself fit as a fiddle as he celebrates his 88th birthday.
The next head of state of Sweden is born today
Iran talks failure sparks confrontation fears:  The U.N. nuclear watchdogs latest mission to Iran failed to budge a defiant Tehran over its disputed nuclear program, sending oil prices to a nine-month high over fears of an increasing risk of confrontation with the West.
BBC News - US and North Korea hold nuclear talks
[Australia] PM Gillard has called for a vote on Monday between her and resigned Foreign Minister Rudd
Guatemala, Colombia, and Mexico are considering the regional legalization of the drug trade
Italians welcome a proposal to cut out tax exemptions for the Catholic Church
Iran Calls for Negotiations on Treaty Banning Nuclear Weapons - calls nuclear arms production a great sin
India grinds to a halt as historic 24-hour strike by 11 banking, transportion and governmental trade unions
Canada: Wide-spread electoral fraud under investigation. Tory robo-call scandal widens as complaints flood from nearly 30 ridings - The Globe and Mail
South Koreas parliament has passed a resolution demanding that China stops the repatriation of North Korean refugees.
Corporations hired Stratfor to spy on activists, according to emails obtained by Anonymous and Wikileaks. 
Occupy London protest camp eviction under way - BBC
Israeli officials have reportedly let it be known that they wont give their United States counterparts a heads up if the country decides to launch an airstrike against Iran. 
WikiLeaks says Stratfor emails to expose sinister spies and insider traders 
Russias Aging, Lonely Leader --- 
German film-maker wins Vladimir Putins confidence, shoots intimate profile. Behind the tough-guy facade he claims to discover a joyless, exhausted loner, soon to turn 60 and stubbornly fending off physical decline
BBC News - French election: Hollande wants 75% tax on top earners
Syria referendum called a sham: Only 5% of the population turned out to vote
Canada Wildlife Officers Kill 145 Black Bears in Tar Sands Region
MEGAUPLOAD Kim Dotcom may be going back to jail
New Section of The Great Wall Discovered in Mongolia - A British explorer unearths an extension of the world wonder, the 1st section believed to exist outside Chinas borders
Top French court strikes down law punishing the denial of the Armenian genocide as unconstitutional as it infringes on freedom of expression.
Meanwhile in Athens - after finally starting a new cafe/bookstore, the owner is not allowed to sell or give away coffee or to actually sell books.  
Syria storms out of U.N. rights meeting
For sale: French village.  Asking price $475,000
S&amp;P Declares Greece in Default
Intelligence officials say Israel not planning to tell the US in advance of any strike on Iran.
Fresh footage shows Indonesian abattoir cruelty
Argentina turns away UK cruise ships - 
2 liners prevented from docking at Ushuaia on countrys southern tip as tensions build over future of Falkland Islands
Anonymous Hits Interpol Site After 25 Arrested.
Megaupload Founder Defeats US Govt Attempts To Put Him Back In Prison
End destructive war on pot, panel urges Canadian PM - News
Australian philosophers have published an article advocating for the moral right to a post-birth abortion
SOPA Ireland Signed Into Law: Ireland has passed new legislation that allows copyright holders to force Internet providers to block pirate websites
A couple who tortured and killed 15-year-old Kristy Bamu in their London flat after accusing him of witchcraft have been found guilty of murder
Britain was no longer safe territory for Murdoch Jr. Described in the Commons as the first mafia boss in history who didnt know he was running a criminal enterprise
Anger Erupts Again Over Chinas Bear Bile Farms - In a secretly shot video, a Chinese farmer holds up a bag of yellowish bile he has just extracted from a caged bear 
Only 19% of Israelis Support a Unilateral Strike on Iran
With the Eurovision Song Contest fast approaching, the government of Azerbaijan has ruthlessly evicted an estimated 60,000 people from their homes near downtown Baku.
British Lord forced to resign after Israel will not last claim
My Drone War --- 
What its like when Americas secret war, conducted by remote control, comes to your neighbourhood. Then I heard the buzzing, far above our heads  like a bee, but heavier and unceasing, drifting in and out
Irish SOPA made law 
Unemployment in Europe has risen to its highest level since the introduction of the euro.
Russia upgrades radar station in Syria to aid Iran
Dutch mobile euthanasia clinic ready to go: Life-end Clinic will send teams to the homes of patients whose doctors refuse to carry out the procedure
Qatar crosses the Syrian Rubicon: 63m to buy weapons for the rebels
Iran recently offered to supply Pakistan with tens of thousands barrels of oil per day, a Pakistani official said Thursday. The deal would help ease the countrys chronic energy shortages while guaranteeing Tehran a home for some of its crude.
In A Baghdad ER --- 
Iraqi junior doctor describes dealing with female patients. Lots brought in after attempted suicides. Stopping them dying is beginning and end of treatment. Abused and damaged women are then returned whence they came
Indonesias Endangered Sumatran Tigers Habitat Pulped for Paper -  Threatened trees in the rainforest are being illegally chopped down &amp; sent to factories to be turned into paper (With Video)
China drafts legal proposal to completely shut down genetically engineered rice
Pakistan rejects US pressure on Iran-Pakistan gas pipeline project
The Warlord and the Basketball Star  Dikembe Mutombo and an energy executive tried to buy gold in Kenya, only to find themselves mired in Congos dangerous world of conflict minerals -- and totally outmatched.
A mind-boggling 40,000 trillion becquerels of radioactive cesium, or twice the amount previously thought, may have spewed from the crippled Fukushima No. 1 nuclear power plant after the March 11 disaster, scientists say.
Hong Kong Airlines Ltd has threatened to cancel its order for 10 A380s with Airbus - a value of $3.8 billion - over Europes decision to make flights pay for their carbon emissions. We cannot do something which is against our countrys interests, it quoted president Yang Jianhong as saying. 
North Korea: What does 240,000 metric tons of food mean? 
Man reports CP in music download and is banned from seeing his own daughter alone
A youth has burned himself to death in southwestern China, the third self-immolation in three days in protest of Chinas policies in Tibet
Chinese Businessmen Paying $80,000 to Hunt Polar Bears in Canada - From one of the I Love Hunting Clus brochures:  The polar bear is the most extreme of natural enemies in North America. The huge male bear specimens are the most majestic, most beautiful of hunting prizes!
107 percent turnout? Another side to Russias vote ---  Putin does better in Chechnya (99.82%) than Assad in Syria
In Chechnya, 107% Turnout for Putin - Obvious ballot-stuffing spotted in region
Brazil has become the sixth-biggest economy in the world
Two Murdoch reporters feared to be in suicide bids: 
Two senior journalists at News International have 
apparently attempted to commit suicide as 
pressure mounts inside the Murdoch media 
empire...
Nicolas Sarkozy says France has too many foreigners
Huge solar flares magnetic storm may disrupt satellites and power grids.
A suicide bomber kills herself and five police officers in the troubled Russian region of Dagestan, weeks after security forces kill her husband, prosecutors say.
How Three Germans Are Cloning The Web --- 
The most admirable entrepreneurs are those with original ideas, ja? Its a unique gift that you either have or you dont. Says Oliver Samwer, one of three brothers who do not have ideas. They just copy others. And make billions
Afghan women trapped in tribal court system: unfairly imprisoned, traded like property and often abused every step of the way. 
Norway: Breivik charged with Terror and 1st degree murder. Prosecution asks for forced psychiatric treatment 
A hospital employee in Homs says Syrian civilians and rebel fighters are being tortured there by medical staff and members of the security forces.
Israel stunned by Indias ban on defense contracts after bribing scandal
Kim Jong-eun visits the narrowest part of the DMZ, coming within 100m of S. Korean troops while touring the Joint Security Area
Mid-size asteroid wont hit Earth in 2013: NASA
Spiders spin whole fields of webs to escape flooding in Australia
Father banned from being alone with his daughter after telling police he accidentally accessed child porn while attempting to download music from the internet
Two Murdoch journalists reportedly attempt suicide as pressure mounts
UNESCO will not expel Syria from human rights committee, according to draft resolution
Speculation Blamed for Global Food Price Weirdness
South Africa: Kruger park rangers kill suspected rhino poacher -- 
Rangers at Kruger National Park shot dead a suspected rhino poacher and injured two others in gun battle, police said.
Anger over Swedens secret Saudi arms plant:  Opposition condemns government after broadcaster reveals documents said to show links between Swedish firm and Riyadh.
Taiwans Nuclear Nightmare: A fourth nuclear plant got the go-ahead, but activists say a disaster worse than Fukushima is on the horizon.
The desecration of an Aboriginal burial site in Australia with swastikas and the letters KKK is condemned as disgusting by officials.
The 51% Tragedy: A Majority of Young Greek Workers Are Now Unemployed
Entire nation of Kiribati to be relocated over rising sea level threat  - Telegraph
In Afghanistan, children behind bars: Girls as young as 12 jailed for crimes they often do not understand
Spains youth unemployment surges above 50%.
Riot police use tear gas to control student protest in Montreal
Homelessness in the UK rises by 14% in one year. 
Cameroon elephant slaughter: Park cannot cope with $2 million anti-poaching budget when ivory is $1000-$1500 per kg in Asia with each tusk weighing 10kg
Solving War Crimes With Wristbands: The Arrogance of Kony 2012
German Internet Community Cries Foul over Google News Law -- Germanys Internet community, gathered at the worlds biggest high-tech fair, was up in arms Thursday at a draft law forcing Google and other similar sites to pay media firms for content.
Strong solar storm heading for Earth
AFP: Death-row inmates main source of organs in China
Dugongs cruelly slaughtered in illegal meat trade (Australia)
India blacklists Israel Military Industries for 10 years for bribery.
Italian police break up international paedophile network
Germany earned 380 million euros in interest on the loans it paid to Greece so far
Israels Netanyahu, In A Risky Strategy, Presses U.S. On Iran: Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has forcefully pushed President Obama to take a tougher stance on Iran. Critics say he risks alienating an ally.
German Health Insurers Have $26 Billion Cash, Sueddeutsche Says - Politicians are suggesting lower premiums or abolishing payments for medication, while insurers want to keep the money as reserve for years with deficits
Khamenei hails Obamas remarks against Iran strike
Japans Nuclear Energy Industry Nears Shutdown - All but 2 of its 54 commercial reactors have gone off line since the disaster a year ago.  With the last operating reactor to be idled, Japan  once a world leader in atomic energy  will shut down an industry that generated a 1/3 of its electricity.
UK Must Plan for Euro Collapse - Ministers should draw up plans to deal with a break-up of the eurozone as a matter of urgency, a committee of MPs &amp; peers has warns
Nigeria Rescue Bid: Kidnapped Briton &amp; Italian killed - 
A Briton &amp; an Italian abducted by gunmen in Nigeria last year have died in a failed rescue attempt, David Cameron announces
Tunisian University Denies Muslims the Right To Worship. Clashes Erupt Many Hurt.
Syrias deputy oil minister defects from Assad
4.6 magnitude earthquake strikes Haiti
U.S. adds Vatican to money-laundering concern list
Japanese whalers cut season short
Japan shutting down nuclear power industry
Chinese state media thanks women for being hot ---  Its hard to think of a more awkward way for a media outlet to celebrate International Womens Day
In India, battle continues over Hindu temples riches:  The vaults at a temple in Kerala have yielded gold and gems worth an estimated $21 billion. A lawsuit has raised a thorny question: Who owns the treasure?
4 more generals defect from Syrian army &amp; join uprising against President Bashar al-Assad
Mass pro-democracy protest rocks Bahrain
According to a recent court ruling, German hotels have the right to turn away far-right extremists for their political views. The case struggled to reconcile the principles of freedom and equality. 
Smartphone apps are sending your data to China
In Russias largest cities, government employees are given sirens and blue lights that give them the right to disobey traffic signals and barrel through traffic. But a small and growing protest movement is challenging them and their special privilege
Resolute, Nunavut, Canada loses Chinese polar bear hunt - Business bows to pressure from international media deriding hunt of endangered bears
Bin Ladens Wives Stories of Post-9/11 Life Casts More Suspicion on Pakistan 
 Tens of Thousands Protest in Bahrain: Down, Down Hamad - Bahrain protesters boost pressures on king; sporadic clashes
 Japan Earthquake: One Year Later [pics]
Five murdered Irish emigrants will be reburied in a new grave today
According to a Wikileaks email, Russia refused landing permission to the doomed plane carrying President Kaczynski in April 2010, to force him to miss a Katyn massacre memorial service.
Girls only allowed to access Facebook if they are wearing burkas! - Afghans lampoon clerics over women guidelines
Japan ends its whaling season with less than a third of its original target, as ships head home from the Antarctic Ocean.
Four Syrian generals defect to opposition as desertions gather pace: The defection brings the number of senior Syrian officers who have defected to seven, rebels say.
Top Irish food producer jailed for garlic tax scam
Did Russia and Israel swap data on their enemies? A Stratfor email exchange suggests the two traded drone intel on Georgia and Iran.
Fearing climate change, island nation eyes move to Fiji
Far right hardcore willing to prepare for armed conflict
With tensions high in Mideast, evangelical Christians tighten embrace of Israel
LGBT rights window closing in Egypt: Revolutionary optimism retreats as Islamic parties take power.
Bradley Mannings treatment was cruel and inhuman, UN torture chief rules
Honduras Invites Colombia and Mexico to Join Drug Legalization Debate 
U.S. Faces Challenge to Drug War as Latin American Countries Mull Decriminalization, Legalization
Afghan civilian deaths spark calls for U.S. exit
Swiss voters reject 6 weeks of paid vacation
In Kenya, a group of young Maasai warriors formed a cricket team with big hopes: to promote healthy living, to spread awareness about HIV/AIDS and womens issues, and ultimately to become role models in their community and ambassadors for both the Maasai and Kenya.
Afghans vow vengeance for soldiers killing spree 
Kim Dotcom: Many Megaupload Users at the US Govt
South Koreas Unification Plan: No One Wants to Just Swallow Upthe North --- Is it possible that Korea will ever reunite? People in the South firmly believe it will happen -- and are even starting to save up money for the massive costs it would entail
Sarkozy threatens to close Frances borders
Frances Sarkozy vows to pull France out of Europes 25-nation visa-free zone unless border controls are tightened to prevent illegal immigrants from sneaking in to find jobs
Rioter who attacked Malaysian student during London Riots jailed for seven years
Jewish settlers agree to evacuate West Bank outpost
Researchers in Florence say they are one step closer to proving a lost masterpiece by Leonardo da Vinci, The Battle of Anghiari, is painted on a hidden wall in a cavity in Florences town hall, where it has remained unseen for five centuries.
This Debate Will No Longer be Suppressed: Legalizing Drugs Breaks Into the Mainstream 
Christians have no right to wear cross at work, says Government - Telegraph
Afghans out of patience after Kandahar massacre
Chinese Mighty Dragon doomed to breathe Russian fire
A newly-built section of a high-speed rail line has collapsed in Chinas central Hubei province following heavy rain, state media reports.
The 1% Recovery -- While the financial crisis hurt the top 1 percent more than anyone else, their recovery has been spectacular -- while everyone else has languished.
UK Wants Renewable Energy Target Scrapped - 
Fledgling green industries could be hit as document reveals move to rebrand nuclear power as a renewable form of energy
Aer Lingus apologises over language tests for passenger
UK Foreign Secretary sued over US drone strikes in Pakistan
The scientist who blew the whistle on stratospheric ozone destruction (won a nobel prize in 1995) died this weekend.
China may send its first woman into space
Indian Govt uses special powers to slash cancer drug price by 97%
Dangerous Ignorance: The Hysteria of Kony 2012
British stroke victim wins right to ask for euthanasia.
China cracks down on human trafficking, freeing 24,000 abducted women and children in 2011
The alleged rape of a 16-year-old Muslim girl was captured on video by one of the soldiers and has been passed around Thailands newsrooms and military offices where some have made the galling and insulting comment that perhaps the girl didnt resist enough.
Dr. Jacques Brs, a 71-year old French surgeon, smuggled himself into Homs, Syria, to treat the wounded in a makeshift hospital.
Rebekah Brooks arrested
Fighting the failed War on Drugs: Bolivias Evo Morales defends right to chew coca leafWe are not drug addicts when we consume the coca leaf.
Nicolas Sarkozy received 42 million from Muammar Gaddafi for 2007 election
Russia says it will keep selling weapons to Syria
Australia Passes Controversial Nuclear Waste Bill - 
Radioactive material set to be dumped in remote Aboriginal community, despite ongoing court case into legality of proposal
Syrian troops have planted landmines along routes used by people fleeing the countrys violence and trying to reach neighbouring Turkey, an international human rights group has said. 
Police Arrest Murdoch Deputy Rebekah Brooks And Husband - The Daily Beast
45,000 caught cheating at Britains universities
Syria laying landmines along the border on routes where refugees have fled
Nightmare Zoo in Indonesia Shaken When Giraffe Dies With Beachball-Sized Wad of Plastic in its Belly - Tigers are emaciated &amp; the 180 pelicans packed so tightly they cant unfurl their wings. New attention now focused on scandalous conditions at largest zoo. (With Photos)
Enemies of the internet named
Colonel Gaddafi gave French President  Nicolas Sarkozy 42million to fund his 2007 election campaign
Lockdown London: The 2012 Olympic Games will see the UKs biggest mobilisation of military and security forces since the second world war.
A mosque near Brussels was attacked with Molotov cocktails and its imam died trying to extinguish the flames, Belgian newspapers reported late Monday.
Russia sees no reason to halt weapon support for Syria
Polish Nuclear Dreams Threaten Ties with Germany
China gives Japan nod to buy $10bn (6.4bn) of government bonds as Beijing tries to create a more international role for its currency
Billions in cash flees Afghanistan, economy threatened
The Fertility Implosion --- A woman in Oman today has 5.6 fewer babies than a woman in Oman 30 years ago. Morocco, Syria and Saudi Arabia have seen fertility-rate declines of nearly 60 percent, and in Iran its more than 70 percent. These are among the fastest declines in recorded history.
Israel is planning to demolish illegal solar panels that are the only source of electricity for Palestinians in West Bank villages
Moroccan girl commits suicide after being forced by judge to marry her rapist.
French Surgeon, 71, Saves Lives in Syria:  Dr. Jacques Brs, a veteran of war zones, left his comfortable Paris life last month to smuggle himself into Homs, the center of the Syrian revolt, to tend to the wounded and the sick. 
Encyclopedia Britannica halts print publication after 244 years
Russia to finally send man to the Moon
Argentinas Supreme Court unanimously decriminalized abortion for rape victims
In a break with his past positions, Guatemalas president now wants to decriminalise drugs - and not just marijuana.
Switzerland bus crash kills 28, including 22 children
Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao: democracy in China is inevitable
Teenager arrested for anti-war comments made on Facebook page
Tsunami alert as 6.8 earthquake hits Japan
Hundreds of bodies found in German University.
A 12-year-old girl was arrested in Greece today after she tried to sell her baby to undercover police officers, Athens News reported. The baby was 10-weeks-old.
Chinese Premier Wen says China needs political reform, warns of another Cultural Revolution if without
London Metropolitan Police officers assaulted a 16-year-old boy with severe autism by forcing him into handcuffs and leg restraints during a school trip, the High Court has ruled.
Canada to Allow Foreign Ownership for Small Telecoms
The Syrian story of truth and reality
Taking To The Streets --- 
Fabric of Greek democracy is unravelling. Savage cuts imposed by Europe. Politicians impotent, dismissed, loathed. Bailout or not, the political system is finished. Country stands on verge of radical social change
China possibly purchasing Russian SU-35 fighter because of problems with their own J-20 Stealth fighter. Reports have surfaced that at least one of the J-20 prototypes uses a Russian borrowed engine.
Irans parliament grilled President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad on Wednesday over a long list of accusations, including that he mismanaged the nations economy and defied the authority of the countrys supreme leader.
Putin Promises Science Boost, but Russian Researchers Skeptical of Ambitious Schemes - Young scientists here have basically no opportunity to make ties with colleagues from N. America, Europe or Asia. Its a sad &amp; stupid situation,  says a scientist in St Petersburg. 
Ex-Murdoch scribe claims editor told me to bribe police
Congo warlord Thomas Lubanga convicted of using child soldiers
The recent death of 5 prematurely born children in German city, Bremen due to infections acquired in the hospital has strengthened fears among environmental and health experts that massive use of antibiotics in industrial livestock farming is creating extremely resistant bacteria
As Syrians flee the increasing violence, and as government forces increase intensity of their crackdown, many refugees are discovering that Syrian forces have planted anti-personnel mines along the border  making their escape extremely dangerous.
Moroccans demand change to Islamic penal code after a girl kills herself because judge forced her to marry her rapist
Man called police after finding pornographic images on his laptop after trying to download music. Social services banned him from having unsupervised access to his child while police investigated... Ban was finally lifted
The Pirate Party, which made international headlines after its success in state elections in Berlin last year, stands to make gains in two other German states this spring. The partys pledge to foster transparency and participation is resonating with voters who are fed up with local corruption. 
Lost Boy Uses Google Earth to Find His Way Home After 25 Years
Colombia to Enact Drug Decriminalization: The govt of Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos is preparing legislation that will set personal dose amounts for drugs that will allow for their possession without the possibility of arrest or prosecution.
The Guardian obtained 3000 messages from al-Asaads email account.  Iran advised him on how to handle the uprising against his rule. And Qatar offered him exile 
Kony 2012 video screening met with anger in northern Uganda
Officials in Chinas Ministry of Health recently admitted to harvesting organs from death row inmates, ending years of denials about the practice. It is estimated that two-thirds of the countrys total organ transplants come from executed prisoners
50 NGOs urge Pakistan to free Christian mother  from execution on charge of Blasphemy --- We refuse to accept that this mother of five children will continue to languish in her putrid, stifling, freezing cell for so long  especially without the right to see her children.
French police use tear gas on steelworkers worried about job losses, as they tried to force their way toward the headquarters of President Sarkozys re-election campaign
Syria setting border mines to stop refugee flight
Ugandan Gay Rights Group Sues Scott Lively, a U.S. Evangelist - NYTimes.com
Illegal Fishing Straining West Africa -  Recognized as one of the worlds richest fisheries grounds teeming with snapper, grouper, sardines, mackerel &amp; shrimp, its losing up to $1.5 billion worth of fish annually to vessels in protected zones or without proper equipment or licenses
Iran loses access to SWIFT 
Nato Must Quit Afghan Villages - President Karzai tells Nato to pull back to bases
Suspect in Afghan massacre flown out of country, and will not face justice in Afghanistan.
Norwegian Hercules plane vanishes en route to Sweden
Afghans seethe at lack of US reaction to massacre
UK Teen Charged Over Dead Soldiers Facebook Post: ... teenager will appear in court for allegedly making comments on Facebook about the deaths of six British soldiers in Afghanistan.
China Sacks Key Leadership Contender - One of Chinas most charismatic western-style politicians has been sacked in rare political scandal
In a historic judgment, the International Criminal Court convicts Thomas Lubango Dyilo of recruiting children into armed conflict
Bo Xilai: a stunning &amp; highly public fall from grace in China
 -
The senior Communist Party official, was abruptly dismissed amid scandal, ending his ambition of a top post. His removal could complicate a key year of political transition in China. 
Egypt: Armed Bedouins are besieging the UN peacekeeper camp in Sinai
Court Convicts Congo Warlord Of Using Child Soldiers
Canadian women molested by female US border guards, lawsuit alleges
Iranians respond to Israeli Facebook initiative: Israel, we &lt;3 you too
Dutch Catholic church abuse: at least one youth castrated for homosexuality, evidence for at least 10 other cases
King of Tonga dead: report
The Nobel peace prize winner and president of Liberia, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, has defended a law that criminalises homosexual acts, saying: We like ourselves just the way we are.
How one man escaped from a North Korean prison camp
Italian police have arrested 16 judges in what they say is a big anti-mafia operation centred on Naples.
WikiLeaks Founder to Run for Australian Senate
Slaverys last stronghold, Mauritania
Pope Benedict XVI disturbed by disloyalty of those who leaked internal documents about corruption, poor financial management,and contempt regarding the Vatican efforts against laundering.
In Mexico, extortion is a booming offshoot of drug war:  Almost every segment of the economy and society, including businesses, teachers and priests, has been subjected to extortionists who exploit fear of cartels.
Four killed in shooting at Jewish school in France
Winds of change blow through China as spending on renewable energy soars - 
Worlds biggest polluter spends 4bn a year on wind &amp; solar power generation in single region as it aims to cut fossil fuel use
Assad wife: I am the real dictatorThe British-born wife of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad joked in leaked emails.
Al Jazeera obtains secret Syria files --- 
Papers prepared for President Assad by intelligence and security chiefs throw light on his strategy to quell protests.
Israelis Agree Iran Hasnt Decided on the actual construction of Atom Bomb 
Chinese hoping ticket out of China is French class - Chinese desperate to emigrate have discovered a backdoor into Canada that involves applying for entry into the countrys francophone province of Quebec  as long as you have a good working knowledge of the local lingo
Topless Women Protest Rampant Sex Trade in Ukraine - ABC News
80% in Japan support nuclear phase-out
Mexican Policemen Killed After Beheadings - Gunmen in western Mexico have killed 12 policemen investigating the beheadings of 10 other people
24-pound tumor misdiagnosed as pregnancy
Researchers have updated HadCRUT, one of the main global temperate records, which dates back to 1850 - 2010 now listed as worlds hottest year
WikiLeaks: Founder Julian Assange to run for Australian Senate - CNN.com
Only 2% believe David Cameron is leading greenest government ever - 
Poll reveals only one in 50 members of the British public agrees that the prime minister is delivering on his pledge
Africans must travel to the moon to investigate what developed nations have been doing in outer space, Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni said Saturday.
A gunman has opened fire at a school for Jewish children in the French city of Toulouse, killing at least three people
North Korea warned that any criticism of its nuclear weapons program would be considered a declaration of war
Staff Sgt. Robert Bales to face 17 murder counts in Afghanistan massacre
Protesters gay the pray away.
Not only has the United States reduced oil imports from members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries by more than 20 percent in the last three years, it has become a net exporter of refined petroleum products like gasoline for the first time since the Truman presidency.
China Has Censored All Mention Of The Rumored Coup
Attacking Iran to be worst mistake in U.S. history: Castro
Japan orders anti-missile defence for N Korea rocket
ACTA On Hold, But The Protests Continue In Serbia
BBC News - China to end organ donations from executed prisoners
New president urges Germans to stand by European unity, advocates tolerant society
Better prepared: Mexicos 7.4 quake causes damage, but no deaths
Pitbull-type dog mauls five police officers in London, UK
Grade-school students in a northeastern Brazilian city are using uniforms embedded with locator chips that help alert parents if theyre cutting classes, the citys education secretary said Thursday.
Canadas Supreme Court says its understandable for aboriginals to commit crimes, and they shouldnt be punished too harshly
The United States, European allies and even Israel generally agree on three things about Irans nuclear program: Tehran does not have a bomb, has not decided to build one, and is probably years away from having a deliverable nuclear warhead.
Hubbard ban: Scientology books officially extremist in Russia (again)  RT
Radiation risks from Fukushima are likely to be less than for Chernobyl
US warns of strong response if North Korea launches rocket - The Times of India
Russia has destroyed 60% of chemical weapons
Fresh water supplies are unlikely to keep up with global demand by 2040, increasing political instability, hobbling economic growth and endangering world food markets, according to a U.S. intelligence assessment released on Thursday.
Kim Jong-uns Barbaric Purge of Unsound Military Brass: He Uses Mortar Rounds To Dispose Of His Redcoats
Fukushima Pref. deleted 5 days of radiation dispersion data just after meltdowns
Nigerias finance minister wants to be president of World Bank
Portugal hit by general strike against austerity
As Syrias bloodshed deepens, the British-born first lady has become an object of contempt for many, a Marie Antoinette figure who shopped online for crystal-encrusted Christian Louboutin stilettos while her country burned.
Denmark aims to get 50% of all electricity from wind power
Queen Elizabeth stuns bride and groom by accepting invite
The Mariana Trench, the deepest part of the worlds oceans, 6.78 miles deep, has only been reached by two humans and that was 50 years ago. Today however, James Cameron has started his descent to the oceans deepest point. He is going to be the third human who has reached the Mariana Trench.
Earthquake in Chile
Last week UK approved the extradition of 23-yr-old student, Richard ODwyer to the US. In a response to the decision, The Times reader wrote an interesting letter thats worth sharing...
Prominent Kuwaiti Muslim scholar says freedom comes before Shariah
A fall to cheer: For the first time ever, the number of poor people is declining everywhere
Israel cuts ties with UN human rights body - Middle East - Al Jazeera English
Polands new gas reserves turn out to be about 10% of the original estimate. 
Greed Is The Beginning of Everything --- 
Interview with Tomas Sedlacek, freethinking Czech economist and philosopher. Complicated mathematical models are simply wrong or pointless at best. The real question should be: Is the economy working the way we want it to?
Kenya announces discovery of oil
Monsanto, a half-century of health scandals
Proving youre gay to the Turkish army
A gang of women -- described as blonde, bilingual and well educated -- have been taking Brazilian shopping malls by storm, kidnapping female shoppers and maxing out their credit cards, police say.
In a visit to Cuba, Pope Benedict calls for Cuba to abandon Marxism, saying that It is evident that Marxist ideology in the way it was conceived no longer corresponds to reality.
Israel cuts contact with UN rights council, to protest settlements probe: Foreign Ministry orders envoy to Geneva to ignore all phone calls from rights council commissioner; The council sparked this process, says a senior Israeli official
 Only one of Japans 54 nuclear reactors now running
 Israeli police say they have launched an investigation into reports soccer fans swarmed into a Jerusalem mall chanting anti-Arab slogans and beat Palestinian workers there.
Man in Afghan army uniform shoots 2 NATO troops in Afghanistan.
North Koreas dehumanizing treatment of its citizens is hiding in plain sight 
Israel cuts contact with U.N. Human Rights Council over probe into Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank.
A Norwegian court on Monday sentenced Mullah Krekar, the founder of a Iraqi Kurdish Islamist group, to five years in jail for issuing death threats against a former government minister and others.
Japan shuts down another nuclear reactor; all could be off line by May 
Pakistan bans Indian James Bond film 
Journalist seeking truth about Khmer Rouge fears for his life 
Colombias former president calls Americas drug war a failure: We cannot be condemned to live in war because Americans do not want to talk about it. No one speaks in favor of the war on drugs.
B.C.s chief medical officer joins call to legalize pot (Canada) 
U.S. soldier dies saving Afghan girl: Spc. Dennis Weichel saw an MRAP bearing down on a little girl and grabbed her out of the way. But in the process, the armored truck ran him over
You know what men are like: Indonesia to ban mini-skirts over links to rape
With Google Earth, India Can No Longer Hide its Shantytowns and Slumdogs
Fidel Castro to Pope Benedict: What does a pope do?
Egyptian Court Declares Internet Porn Illegal
The Politics of Shitstorms:
Is the Pirate Party Its Own Worst Enemy? --- 
Germanys political establishment doesnt know how to react to the Pirate Party, which now has seats in two state parliaments and owns the debate on Internet issues.
Canada gets rid of the penny
Ireland Officially Bans Female Genital Mutillation
BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China &amp; South Africa) agree to local currency credits to ease dollar dependency
Canadas First Nations communities wrecked by OxyContin addiction - An estimated 80 percent of working-age adults in some communities abuse the prescription drug
US suspends food aid to North Korea: Pentagon official
Israel gains access to airbases in Azerbaijan directly north of Iran eliminating the need for aerial refueling for attack on Iran 
Ukraine rape scandal victim Oksana Makar dies
A potential fuel strike sparks panic buying in the UK. Now one police force is recommending petrol stations should be closed
Japan conducts first hangings in two years
Australian couple has $1 million hospital bill after baby born in B.C.
Afghan women jailed for running away
Italians shocked by self-immolation protests
Azerbaijan denies giving Israel air base access
Algeria refuses French gunmans body for burial - Yahoo! News India
Murdochs News Corp accuses BBC of unfair and baseless allegations
Mohamed Merah, the gunman who killed seven people including three Jewish children, may have been an informant for Frances intelligence services
More bad news from the stricken Fukushima nuclear site. Detected radiation levels of 70 seiverts an hour will kill a human after seven minutes of exposure.
Apple Inc and its main contract manufacturing Foxconn agreed to tackle violations of conditions among the 1.2 million workers assembling iPhones and iPads in a landmark decision that could change the way Western companies do business in China.
Canada set to phase out the penny
An 18-year-old Ukranian woman died Thursday, two weeks after her grisly rape by three young men who then tried to cover up their crime by strangling her, dumping her naked body at an abandoned construction site and setting her on fire.
Police face racism scandal after black man records racial abuse (Crown Prosecution Service forced to review decision not to charge officers)
While China has 350,000 millionaires and 115 billionaires, 700 million of its people live on just four dollars a day and discontent is growing. In many villages there are riots and people are on strike. If those towns all got up on the same day and rebelled China would have big problems.
World War 3.0 --- 
Privacy, piracy, security, sovereignty. Just some of the battle lines drawn in the war over the Internet. And part of wider questions of freedom and control. Later this year, the key UN treaty will be revised. Heres whats at stake
Girl of five forced into marriage in the UK
In China, Bachelor Villages, populated entirely by men, are the result of the One-Child policy
The Norway Killer Is Not Crazy:... his beliefs and way of thinking are common, said Lippestad. He is not as unique, as paranoid or schizophrenic as the experts say.
Hungary President Loses Doctorate - 
A university in Hungary strips President Pal Schmitt of his doctorate after ruling that large parts of his thesis were plagiarised
Why Germans Dont Have A Problem With Mandated Health Care
Japan orders interception of North Korean rocket.
MI6 spy Gareth Williams death: agent could not have locked himself in bag - Telegraph
Where are you on the global pay scale?
Adolf Hitler parents tombstone in Austria removed
Indias government orients towards privatizing/profitizing water
Canada is giving up on the penny. No more to be produced, cash transactions to be rounded to the nearest 5-cent increment.
Japan will intercept N Korean rocket if necessary
Iran is helping its ally Syria defy Western sanctions by providing a vessel to ship Syrian oil to a state-run company in China, potentially giving the government of President Bashar al-Assad a financial boost worth an estimated $80 million
Vatican Leaks Raise Questions Over Finances: An archbishop who complained of corruption was sent to the U.S., and the Vatican is carrying out a rare criminal investigation to see who leaked documents purporting financial misdeeds.
Behind the facade of Dubai
New York Times: Japan Nuclear Plant May Be Worse Off Than Thought. Both Tepco and the government were accused of playing down the dangers posed by the meltdowns at the plant. 
South Korean officials say North Korea test-fired 2 short-range missiles
Ireland to ban cheese adverts during childrens TV schedules because it is high in fat
Depleted Uranium: Iraq congenital birth defect survey to begin in April
ACTA Could be Passed in 10 Weeks; Take Action Before Its Too Late
Tunisia rejects shariah in new constitution
UK teachers no longer teaching, just training kids to pass exams.. (with a little help)
North Korea rocket test will cost $850m USD, equivalent of feeding 19 million people for 1 year - Yonhap News
Tibetan immolations, largely unnoticed, among historys biggest waves of suicide-by-fire. The stunning protests are going largely unnoticed in the wider world  due in part to a smothering Chinese security crackdown in the region that prevents journalists from covering them.
How Canadas Green Credentials Fell Apart - 
Canada once enjoyed a deserved reputation for scientific &amp; environmental leadership. Those days are long gone
Ikea to design 11-hectare neighbourhood. We are in keeping with the Ikea philosophy: We dont want to produce for the rich or the super-rich; we want to produce for the families, for the people
Executive pay soars as bosses set each others awards
Tobacco executive admits involvement in destruction of research documents ... at least 60 documents including some research that showed the company was aware smoking could cause cancer and other health problems
New UK powers to record every phone call and email makes surveillance 60m times worse
Pakistan jails bin Ladens family for illegal stay
BBC News - Backlash over email and web monitoring plan
The government wants to let police and intelligence agencies monitor what numbers people phone, when, and for how long, and whom they e-mail
Australia will target US workers 
Dozens of Tibetans have set themselves on fire over the past year to protest Chinese rule, sometimes drinking kerosene to make the flames explode from within, in one of the biggest waves of political self-immolations in recent history.
Euro unemployment spikes to record 10.8%
Hungary President Schmitt quits in plagiarism scandal
Stephen Fry lends support to Greek calls to return Elgin marbles to Athens
Democracy champion Aung San Suu Kyi declared a new era for Burma Monday, after her party claimed a landslide victory in Sundays parliamentary by-elections
Swiss Arrest Warrants Fuel Tax Row With Germany - German opposition politicians are threatening to block a deal with Switzerland to tackle tax dodgers after the Swiss issued arrest warrants for 3 German tax officials
Swedish workers party hard during lunch breaks
Chinas Bloody Factories -- A Problem Bigger than Foxconn
In Rich Europe, Growing Ranks of Working Poor ---  Never anywhere in the world do you hear anyone talking about the French dream, he added, pausing to look at the row of campers. There is no such dream in France.
UK considers internet surveillance network
Japanese experts warn of earthquakes that could produce 34-metre tsunamis: 
Report following disaster last March finds waves pose bigger threat than previously thought and could inundate Pacific coast
8.7 Earthquake outside Indonesia
Political Revolution in Germany: Pirate Party is Countrys Third Strongest Party in New Poll: ...the political newcomers currently enjoy 13% of voter support and are now the third most popular party in the country ahead of the Greens, which lagged behind at 11%. 
Man jailed for 11 years for burning down Family-run furniture shop during London riots
Philippine warship in standoff with China vessels
The Muslim Brotherhood,which now controls the parliament of Egypt, Presidential candidate Khairat al-Shater declares the goal of the Muslim Brotherhood movement is the establishment of a global Islamic State.
North Korea Is Lying About Its Rocket Launch, Satellite-Watchers Show
Canadians favour higher taxes to fight inequality - poll - RT News
Spain Is on the Bleeding Edge of a New European Crisis: Spains 709 billion euros of sovereign debt is roughly twice that of Greece, Ireland, and Portugal combined
Elite female night raiders break down barriers in Afghanistan
Argentina: Grieving Parents Find Baby Alive in Morgue
 BP faces shareholder revolt over chief executive Bob Dudleys 4m pay, despite a depressed stock price
 US judge rules UK parliamentary committee cannot be shown evidence of UK involvement in renditions
WWF: Russia setting up park to save leopards
Iraqs fugitive vice-president says two more of his bodyguards have been tortured to death by security forces during a terrorism investigation.
President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad claims that Iran has as much hard currency as they need, and they can stop selling crude oil for at least two to three years. 
Baby ruled stillborn is found alive 12 hours late in Argentine morgue
World News - Happy tears as Peru miners are rescued after six days trapped underground
Timbuktu scholars, librarians, &amp; ordinary citizens hiding tens of thousands of historic texts &amp; priceless ancient manuscripts from rebels - The rebels may have an educated leadership, but theyre sending in footsoldiers who wont have any respect for paper culture. 
Dutch conservative coalition govt has signaled since January that it intended to prohibit khat, the mild stimulant plant from the Horn of Africa, and now, indications are that the ban will happen soon
The number of poor people in Greece without access to medical care is on the rise, and the NGO Doctors of the World has warned the economic crisis is taking its toll on peoples health. 
Jordan to revoke citizenship of Palestinian Authority, PLO officials; move coincides with a new electoral law in Jordan that seeks to limit Palestinian representation in parliament
Philippine warship in standoff with Chinese ships
China names ex-leaders wife in murder case:  Former star Bo Xilai sacked from Communist Party leadership and wife named as suspect in death of British businessman.
Entire Indian ocean on tsunami watch following 8.7-mag earthquake near Aceh.
Greece offers cop-for-hire service renting out policemen for $39 per hour to raise cash
North Korea missile launch expected in next 24 to 48 hours
Australias most senior-ranked Catholic says Jews intellectually and morally inferior
7.0 Earthquake Mexico the third big quake today
North Korea doesnt launch missile but tension remains.
Chinese workers in Zimbabwe are buying up the local wildlife for dinner, feasting on endangered tortoises, pythons, leopards  and even village dogs.
China Deletes Thousands of Online Posts Amid Scandal
6.2 Earthquake Followed By A 6.9 In Gulf Of California
Fear of Honor Killings: Immigrants Flee Families to Find Themselves -  Hundreds of young female immigrants are hiding from their families in Germany after fleeing oppression, physical violence and even death threats. 
Icelands volcanoes may power UK: The energy minister is to visit Iceland in May to discuss connecting the UK to its abundant geothermal energy
German brother and sister in incestuous relationship lose European Court of Human Rights case. Germany is entitled to ban incest.
A bus carrying foreign journalists in North Korea takes a wrong turn, giving them a rare glimpse of everyday life in the secretive nation.
Unemployment in Greece hits new record high of 21.8 percent
Tony Blair channels Ronald Reagan, doesnt remember sending dissidents to Libya for torture
Hen: Swedens new gender neutral pronoun causes controversy.
Wrong Turn Grants Glimpse Behind N. Korean Curtain : NPR
For every kilo of cocaine that is seized, we want to be compensated 50 percent by the consumer countries, said Perez recently, arguing its the USs responsibility to pick up more of the counter-drug tab for the regions poorest nations.
China sends 3rd ship in standoff with Philippines
Bolivian judge defends divination technique - has rejected calls to resign after he admitted reading coca leaves to help him make decisions.
Women in Uzbekistan Forcibly or Unknowingly Sterilized By the Govt
EFF: Polish digital civil rights group recently published harrowing findings regarding abuses of Polands mandatory data retention law
Frances Socialists Promise to Withdraw French Troops From Afghanistan by 2013
Syria refugees ridicule Assads commitment to peace - His words are all gibberish. This ceasefire wont last long. Assad has been promising this for a year. I dont think hell withdraw either his tanks or his troops. 
Erased: Why Tens of Thousands of Haitian Youth Do Not Officially Exist -- Dominican laws have stripped citizenship from many young people of Haitian descent, barring them from legal employment, education, even marriage.
MI6 anti-terrorism officials phone call is recorded and leaked on internet by hacking group TeamPoison
Tortured Libyan wants answers from Blair:  A Libyan military commander who is suing the British Government over its alleged complicity in his rendition and torture yesterday demanded answers from Tony Blair and Jack Straw. 
No one was murdered in El Salvador on Saturday, in what was the first homicide-free day in nearly three years.
Sweden Grants Religious Recognition To File-Sharing Church: Sweden has accepted that a church which believes in file-sharing as a religion: a move that will not please the Hollywood studios
Spains 74-year-old king came under scathing criticism Sunday for going on an expensive elephant hunting trip in Botswana amid the nations deep financial woes. Spanish newspapers were filled with accounts of how hunting trips to Botswana cost more than most Spaniards earn in a year. 
Former President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, calls on US to legalize drugs: This war on drugs is totally lost. 
Indian skeptic charged with blasphemy for revealing secret behind miracle of weeping cross.
The notion that democracy and capitalism are interlinked is nonsense
To the worlds military leaders, the debate over climate change is long over. They are preparing for a new kind of Cold War in the Arctic, anticipating that rising temperatures there will open up a treasure trove of resources, long-dreamed-of sea lanes and a slew of potential conflicts.
ACTA suffers major blow following European rejection call
In Latin America, critical mass urges end to drug war 
BBC News - Norway puts Anders Behring Breivik on trial for murder
China Now Tops U.S. in Space Launches
Unified Latin America Challenges Failed US/Canada Policies on Drug War, Cuba, and Finance: Canada and US left in isolation in a vote on a resolution to put an end to Cubas exclusion (32-2 vote) at a meeting of foreign ministers that was to approve documents to be signed by the presidents.
Switzerland will allow banks to hand over the names of any employees and other third parties who helped wealthy Americans evade taxes to U.S. prosecutors, a Swiss newspaper reported on Saturday [14 April 2012].
Some Asian glaciers are defying the global trend and growing.
Mexico Passes Climate Law, Only 2nd in the World
Unprecedented Latin American opposition to U.S. sanctions on Cuba left President Barack Obama isolated at a summit on Sunday and illustrated Washingtons declining influence in a region being aggressively courted by China.
Summit of the Americas ends in acrimony: A Unified Latin America Challenges Failed US/Canada Policies on the Drug War, Cuba, &amp; Finance - Last Summit of the Americas without Cuba sees an alternative rise to challenge the old hegemony of out-dated US policies; Argentina walked out over impasses
The British businessman whose murder has sparked political upheaval in China was poisoned after he threatened to expose a plan by a Chinese leaders wife to move money abroad. 
Norway mass-murder suspect that killed 77, claims self-defense
Starting this summer, the Center for Copyright Information (CCI) will start to track down pirates as part of an agreement between the MPAA, RIAA and all the major ISPs. After six warnings ISPs may take a variety of measures against offenders, including bandwidth throttling and disconnections.
Spains King Juan Carlos under fire over elephant hunting trip
Israeli TV report shows air force gearing-up for Iran attack, says moment of truth is near - the report ... was remarkable both in terms of the access granted to the reporter ... and in the fact that his assessments on the strike were cleared by the military censor.
Dutch Pirate Party ordered to shut down Pirate Bay proxy within 6 hours, or face a fine of 10,000 euros per day.
Drought Causing Desperation on Farms in England - Although the public are aware of the drought, theyre disconnected from the stark situation.  Farmers must plan for a future with much less water.
Despite innocent verdict, blasphemy accused shot dead in Pakistan
Ten police officers were arrested after the owner of a used auto-parts business filed a complaint accusing the officers of kidnapping and torturing him because he refused to pay them a bribe. He was burned to death inside his home in Juarez right before he was scheduled to testify. 
About 150 Afghan schoolgirls poisoned in anti-education attack
The Supreme Court of Canada ruled that the current emergency wiretap provision that allows for surveillance without a court order is unconstitutional.
Quebec shuts down Scientology-linked Narconon center for dangerous practices; Narconon treated drug addicts with purification treatments concocted by Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard. Scientologys medical claims are widely considered to be prime examples of quackery
The Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms has replaced the American Bill of Rights as the constitutional document most emulated by other nations.
While the presidents of Guatemala, Colombia, Costa Rica and El Salvador have voiced support for an end to the drug war, President Obama rejected their calls for drug legalization during high-level talks at the Summit of the Americas in Colombia.
Where do Frances election candidates stand? Learn the French presidential candidates stances on everything from economy and migration to foreign policy and the EU. 
Palestinian man sentenced to death for selling home to Jews
Israel forces tourist to pledge to avoid pro-Palestinian activities as condition for entry.
Tim Berners-Lee urges UK Government to drop internet surveillance plans
Prime Minister Julia Gillard says Australia will withdraw its troops from Afghanistan earlier than planned
Argentina has nationalised YPF, the former and once again state oil company, as a matter of public interest
King of Spain faces calls to abdicate after elephant hunt: The King of Spain who is recovering in hospital after injuring his hip during a fall while elephant hunting in Botswana faced calls to abdicate amid growing controversy over the trip. 
Pakistan building its own fleet of military drones
Former NASA Astrophysicist and Microsoft Chairman appointed interim prime minister of Mali.
Spain Vows Argentina Trade War as Repsol Seeks $10.5 Billion
Canadian commercial airline pilot mistook the planet Venus for an oncoming aircraft, sending his own plane into a dive and injuring 16 people. 
Imagining Cuba after Chvez:   Venezuela provides Cuba with up to $15 billion a year, which helps offset the US embargo. But there is the real possibility Chvez may not win or survive another six-year term as president.
Earthquake reported in Chile -M6.5  - Hacienda La Calera, Chile 2012-04-17 03:50:17 UTC
The Bollywood actress Meenakshi Thapar, who appeared in last years thriller 404, was recently kidnapped and murdered in a gruesome manner. 
Volcano Erupts within View of Mexico City
20 buried Spitfires found in Burma
Spanish King Juan Carlos spends 27,000 to murder elephants while his country drowns in debt and half of youngsters are jobless
Baby with six legs born in Pakistan, the father is an X-ray technician
Jean-Luc Mlenchons policies are no far-left fantasy (No wonder the Left Front candidate is on the rise in France. He offers practical solutions where neoliberalism has failed)
After an epic four year legal battle, the Australian High Court has upheld previous rulings that ISP iiNet is not responsible for the copyright infringements of its customers.
Poland Announces Complete Ban on Monsantos Genetically Modified Maize
Plane Crashes in Pakistan With 127 On Board
Huge Water Resources Exist Under Africa, by Matt McGrath of BBC News
(RT)  A Sri Lankan woman is currently facing decapitation by sword on a witchcraft charge in Saudi Arabia, in accordance with Wahhabism, a strict form of Sunni Islam
Anonymous takes down Formula One website in suppport of Bahranini protests
Critics say Vladimir Putin has amassed a secret multi-billion dollar fortune contrary to his modest man of the people image; may be one of the richest in the world
North Korea threatens to blow up Seoul
Homosexuals inferior to dogs and pigs, says Iranian cleric
Convinced that the United States is in decline, Chinas distrust is growing of the longtime superpower which it sees as bent on holding back the Asian powers rise, an influential scholar says.
Australian High Court unanimously dismisses case that would force ISPs to be accountable for users illegal downloading
Foreign Policy: Hes Not Alone: The trial of Norways alleged mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik is only the tip of the iceberg in a rising sea of radical Islamophobia in Europe.
Vietnamese Seek Help with Mystery Illness - Health officials in Vietnam have international experts for help in identifying a strange illness that has killed 19 people, but so far defies explanation. 
Thousands of protesters have massed in Tahrir Square in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, to demonstrate against continuing military rule.
Australian High court throws out Hollywood Consortium appeal in favour of Aussie ISP iiNet - groundbreaking precedent set for all Common Law nations (Aus, UK, Canada) preventing ISPs from terminating customers for copyright infringement.
Neil Heywood was killed after his threat to expose Chinese leaders wife
Worlds richest 40 people worth $1 trillion.
North Korea has vowed to launch satellites one after another, vigorously rejecting international condemnation of an April 13 launch that was seen overseas as a disguised ballistic missile test.
Anders Breivik describes Norway island massacre
Australian ISP iiNet wins historic copyright case brought against it by Hollywood
News Corp is Toxic Shadow State -- British MPs
Murdochs News Corp facing growing legal threat in US
Report: Plane with 127 aboard crashes in Pakistan
Germany and Frances joint proposal to allow Schengen-zone countries to temporarily reintroduce border controls as a means of last resort might sound harmless. But doing so would damage one of the strongest symbols of European unity and perhaps even contribute to the EUs demise.
A uniform combining the name of a police force with a private company logo is being worn in Lincolnshire, England
Asteroid Mining Venture Backed by Google Execs, James Cameron Unveiled
Putin to step down as United Russia leader
It can happen - Ontario, Canadas largest province, has decided to tax the rich in order to reduce its deficit faster...
The Biggest Student Uprising Youve Never Heard Of: On an unseasonably warm day in late March, a quarter of a million postsecondary students and their supporters gathered in the streets of Montreal to protest against the Liberal governments plan to raise tuition fees by 75% over five years...
Kazakhstan thanks Borat for boosting tourism
Obama to Declare Sanctions on Countries That Track Citizen Internet/Cell Phones
The Biggest Student Uprising Youve Never Heard Of [Quebec]
South Sudan President: Sudan Has Declared War
Former top MI6 officer attacks global war on drugs.
Fight Against Dutch Cannabis Caf Restrictions Heats Up: In Amsterdam, hundreds of coffee shop supporters staged a flash-mob smoke-in to protest the proposed changes
China offshores manufacturing to the U.S.
Welcome to Kiev: city of beautiful women and a prospering sex industry
Jihadi Work Accident Kills Lebanons Most Wanted Terrorist In Syria, Fatah Al-Islam Leader Blown To Pieces While Planting Roadside Bomb With Syrian Rebels
UK Bomb plotter says Bin Ladens plan was to bring down the U.S. economy
Arab Comedian Sentenced To Jail For Offending Islam 
Indias Misplaced Priorities: It fires missiles that can go thousands of miles yet most people dont have electricity and cant get an education and are doomed to poverty. 
Report raises fear of South China Sea war:  The chances of a full-scale war erupting which could drag in China, the US, the Philippines and Vietnam are not as remote as one may think.
Michael Ignatief, Canadas ex Liberal Party leader, predicts the province of Quebecs secession in a near future, likely to be accelerated if Scotland votes for independence
North Korea promised Monday to reduce South Koreas conservative government to ashes in less than four minutes, in an unusually specific escalation of recent threats aimed at its southern rival.
Chinese scientists have cloned a genetically modified sheep containing a good type of fat found naturally in nuts, seeds, fish and leafy greens that helps reduce the risk of heart attacks and cardiovascular disease.
Israeli refuses to recognize East Jerusalem Aras residency even though it recognizes his sister and parents.   Thus he has no identity card, no passport, he cannot register for university studies, apply for a job, sign up for an HMO or open a bank account.
Spy found dead in locked bag hated flash car and drinking culture of MI6, inquest hears   
At Wal-Mart in Mexico, a Bribe Inquiry Silenced - NYTimes.com
North Korea issues unusually specific threat | The Envoy - Yahoo! News
Cuba Plans Massive Shift to Non-State Sector
 - Itll move nearly 50% of the states economic activity to the non-state sector, a senior Communist party official says, the latest signal the island is headed toward a mixed economy
Drug maker Novartis takes legal action in UK to make hospitals use $1,000 eye drug over $97 alternative
Unimaginable horror as helicopter-borne poachers massacre 22 elephants before hacking off their tusks and genitals
For first time since Depression, more Mexicans leave U.S. than enter
New Zealand considers $100-a-pack cigarettes to curb smoking
Iran not building a nuclear bomb, says Israeli Chief of Staff
Russell Brand to UK MPs: Consider decriminalisation of drugs so money is spent on treatment, not punishment
Alliance of Liberals and Democrats in EU parliament rejects ACTA
The terrible price of defecting to North Korea, and later defecting from North Korea.
Careless Norwegian driver gets 7 years after US toe squash
The Grand Experiment: German Pirate Party Attempts to Reinvent Politics
UK slides back into recession in first double dip since 1970s
Internet freedom must be protected, TD tells Council of Europe
Knesset members celebrate latest E. Jerusalem settlement by posing on evicted Palestinian familys sofa
Over 1,000 Palestinian inmates on hunger strike in Israel
German high jumper Ariane Friedrich posts stalkers name, hometown, and parts of his alleged e-mail on her Facebook account.  Privacy debate ensues.
Mein Kampf to be re-released with notes countering Hitlers arguments
Kenyas High Court Rules Anti-Counterfeiting Law Is Unconstitutional Because It Threatens Access To Generic Drugs
The UK is now officially in a double-dip recession.
Why is North Korea threatening to conduct a nuclear test? - First, to make up for the embarrassment of the failed missile; second, the regimes past nuclear tests didnt go very well.
Murdoch turns heat on UK government  
N. Korea vows to turn Souths leadership to ashes
North Korean nuclear test could happen as early as Tuesday night, NBC reports
Israel army chief contradicts Netanyahu on Iran
Mexican refugee claimant murdered after deportation:  Veronica Castro, a Mexican woman who sought to stay in Canada, was murdered five weeks after being deported
Libyan authorities ban the formation of political parties based on religious principles, tribe or ethnicity ahead of elections scheduled for June.
India Girl Ends Child Marriage - 
A young woman has her child marriage legally annulled in northern Rajasthan state, in what is thought to be the 1st case of its kind in India.
The Alliance of Liberals and Democrats (ALDE) in the European Parliament have just confirmed that they will reject ACTA
Dalai Lama: World belongs to humanity, not leaders
Norwegians to protest Breivik, singing song he hates
Rupert Murdoch apologizes, admits phone-hacking cover-up
They were calling us Asian dogs and pussies while they were beating us. When my friend tried to wipe blood from his nose, a teenaged girl stuffed my friends mouth with her tampon removed from her pants.
Swiss woman dies after attempting to live on sunlight; Woman gave up food and water on spiritual journey  - NY Daily News
Yorkshires Robinson Crusoe: Brit who bought a cut-price island in the Seychelles 50 years ago... and still lives in blissful solitude with 120 giant tortoises
Cambodian police shoot anti-logging activist:  Chut Wutty, countrys most outspoken environmental activist, shot dead by military police in remote forest region.
 Brazil Chooses Farmers Over Environmentalists, Clearing Way for More Destruction of the Amazon -  Brazil eases rules on how much land farmers must preserve as forest. Powerful farmers lobby says it promotes sustainable food production. Environmentalists say itll be a disaster.
 Russia: Is wearing a pink triangle a crime?  -- St. Petersburgs new anti-gay law is reminiscent of fascism.
Rick Falkvinge: A European Parliament majority is now against ACTA, but more activist pressure is needed!
World needs to stabilise population and cut consumption, says Royal Society
To the left: a likely new direction for France and Germany
 Charles Taylor war crimes trial verdict - Guilty
 Analysts say a close look at pictures of North Koreas new missiles shows theyre sloppy fakes
Over-consumption in rich countries and rapid population growth in the poorest both need to be tackled to put society on a sustainable path, a report says.
Two Taiwanese nationals were arrested after they told American undercover agents they were working for associates in the Chinese intelligence community and wanted to buy a surveillance drone and stealth technology related to the U.S.s F-22 Raptor fighter jet, the FBI said in court documents
Thousands Sing Song Hated by Norway Killer - Facing terror with music, tens of thousands have gathered in squares across Norway to sing a childrens song that gunman Anders Breivik claims is being used to brainwash young Norwegians
Egypt necrophilia law?  As expected: total blather - CSMonitor.com
The Children of Fallujah - the hospital of horrors 
Catholic church urges pupils in England and Wales to sign anti-gay marriage petition
Colin Firth launches campaign to save worlds most threatened tribe
S. Korea curbs U.S. beef sales after confirmation of mad cow disease
Israel backtracks on demolition of illegal West Bank settlement
Incredible. A blind Chinese activist escapes 90 guards and posts video exposing his abuse under house arrest
India approved Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Bill 2011, which would make sexual contact with a girl below the age of 18 a criminal offence, even if it is consensual.
Montreal student protest march declared illegal - Montreal police declared a march by protesting students illegal, less than an hour after the demonstration began Thursday night.
Australian Govt. raises super tax on high-income earners of over $300,000 a year, a move which is expected to earn the govt. over $1B
Hostage situation developing in central London
After two decades of examining a microscopic algae-eater that lives in a lake in Norway, scientists on Thursday declared it to be one of the worlds oldest living organisms and mans remotest relative.
Green clouds over Moscow spark disaster fears
Dutch judge clears way for weed pass aimed at preventing foreigners from buying marijuana in coffee shops
Trump threatens to sue Scotland over wind farm plan
Several Blasts injure 12 in east Ukraine city of Dnipropetrovsk
London - Man said to have six canisters strapped to him threatened to blow himself up. Holding hostages in Starbucks.
Scientists have called for a radical rethink of our relationship with the planet to head off what they warn could be economic and environmental catastrophe.
9,000 U.S. Marines to leave Okinawa
Netherlands judge to rule on cafe cannabis ban
S&amp;P Lowers Spains Rating 
India successfully launches first indigenously built all-weather Radar Imaging Satellite, RISAT-1, with applications ranging from agriculture to natural disaster management
Four bombs go off in Ukraine, schoolchildren among the injured
North Korean ICBMs shown at recent parades were poorly made fakes. Detailed analysis [PDF warning]
Spanish economy in huge crisis after credit downgrade, rise in unemployment to 24%
Dutch court upholds ban on foreigners buying pot
African big game poaching surges on Asian affluence: The hit job was done by professionals who swooped over their quarry in a helicopter before opening fire.
Chen Guangcheng, the blind, self-taught lawyer known for his outspoken opposition to Chinas forced abortion and sterilization policies, has escaped from house arrest and posted a dramatic YouTube video calling on Premier Wen Jiabao to investigate his case and protect his family.
Norway: In keeping with the thoughts expressed by their Prime Minister, over 40,000 citizens expressed themselves outside the court in a way that would chill every would-be terrorist  by not being afraid.
Tottenham Court Road Offices Evacuated Over Bomb Threat
In China, blame for the USC victims -- Hateful comments toward two Chinese graduate students killed near the campus spotlight the growing divide between haves and have-nots in China.
We conclude therefore that Rupert Murdoch is not a fit person to exercise the stewardship of a major international company
Bare Statistics of Rhinos Being Slaughtered Horrifying -  Theyre being killed in such unprecedented numbers that there are realistic fears they could be wiped from the face of the planet within a generation
Mayors of eight British Columbia cities call on the provincial govt to legalize, tax, and regulate marijuana
Documents found encoded in porn reveal al Qaedas plans for seizing cruise ships, and cause carnage in Europe - CNN.com
Report: Guns used in Mexico for lawyers murder traced to ATF operation
The Pirate Bay copyright crackdown is unsustainable
Air France Flight 447: Damn it, were going to crash - -- Airbus went down three years ago in equatorial waters between Brazil and Africa. 228 dead. Two years to find flight recorders, another year to write report. Official verdict: Pilot error. But why didnt other crew members intervene?
An engineering mom leads effort to save an old-growth Russian forest
Yevgenia Chirikova found out a national forest was quietly being sold off. What she did to try to save it may change Russia forever
Once poster child of crisis, Iceland recovers
The dolphin-hunting Japanese town of Taiji, made infamous by the Oscar-winning documentary The Cove, plans to open a marine mammal park where visitors can swim with the creatures
Rick Falkvinge addresses the German Pirate Partys General Assembly, with 2800 people gathered in Neumnster  the largest party assembly in Germanys democratic history
The Secret War in Yemen: did anyone else know that this was going on?
Canadians were never told the true cost of a $114-billion secret bailout for the countrys biggest banks during the financial crisis, says a report from the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives.
Malaysia Enacts Minimum Wage
Israel ex-spy chief slams Netanyahu over Iran, I really dont have faith in a leadership that makes decisions out of messianic feelings.
Norwegian sociologist Johan Galtung (father of peace studies) defends The Protocols of the Elders of Zion and says Jewish influence was one of the factors leading to Auschwitz.
BBC News - Turkey to write first fully civilian constitution
Counter-coup attempt underway in Mali
Europe takes hard look at nations that allowed U.S. interrogations
Debris believed to be from the Japan tsunami are surfacing in Washington State, Alaska and British Columbia, and scientists say the mess will be there for generations.
El Salvador holds its breath after day without murders:  Scepticism in barrios, where residents say people are still disappearing despite truce between powerful gangs
Ethiopians could still go hungry despite economic gains
With its population of 91 million expected to double in the next 22 years, and a drier climate, Ethiopia will have trouble feeding its people, a new report says.
Harley Davidson with Japan license plates washes up on Canadian coast.
Protesters Deploy, Police Brace for May Day Protests [Updated]
How Boko Haram attacks have changed the Maiduguri where I grew up - Jimeh Saleh of BBC Hausa returns to his home town of  in  Nigeria for 1st time in almost a year to find its a mere shell of its once lively self, following a spate of deadly attacks by the Boko Haram Islamist group.
Colombia passes 1st draft of drug crop legalization bill: The initiative calls for the decriminalization of growing plants such as coca, marijuana and opium poppies in the country.
Heavy metal unites Jews, Muslims across Middle East
Rape of women in DR Congo tops 1000 a day 
A Second World War plane crashed by a British pilot in the Sahara desert has been found frozen in time 70 years later.
Ancient language discovered on clay tablets found amid ruins of 2800 year old Middle Eastern palace in ancient city of Tushan, south-east Turkey
Tiny Scottish brewpub gets the shaft as corporate megabrewer strongarms British Institute of Innkeeping to revoke their award
A section of 600-yr-old city wall in Nanjing was damaged when a Ferrari was put on top if it for a publicity stunt - Its spinning, screeching wheels left tire marks on the Ming Dynasty walls. The stunt kicked off a Ferrari show marking the Italian car makers 20 years in the Chinese car market.
Suicide blast in Damascus leaves more than 50 dead, hundreds wounded
Argentina Senate passes dignified death law:  The Argentine Senate has approved a dignified death law to give the terminally ill and their families more say in end-of-life decisions. 
Want a 170-year-old beer? Finnish researchers say they may be able to recreate beer from the 1840s after finding living bacteria in beer from a shipwreck near Aland islands.
South Africa troubled by corrupt cops:   The police are part of countrys crime problem.  More than 630 police officers were arrested in South Africas Gauteng province in 2011, mainly on charges of fraud and corruption, but also for rape and murder
Islamic Defenders Front, which receives police funding, threatens to intercept Lady Gaga when she visits Indonesia, warning her vulgar music is a danger to childrens morals.
Two of Mass Palestinian Prisoners Hunger Strike On Verge of Death: Over 1600 Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jail hold mass hunger strike, two of the arrested pass 70 days without food
China bangs the war drum over South China Sea
A new Charter City could soon be established in Honduras. It will have extremely open immigration policies for North/South Americans to allow the city to rapidly grow to a population of 10 million people
Russia foils plot to attack 2014 Olympics
Germany is considering a legal ban on ultra-conservative Salafist Muslim groups.
Police found the decapitated and dismembered bodies of 15 people near Mexicos second city Guadalajara on Wednesday, in what appeared to be the latest atrocity by the countrys most brutal drug cartel.
Crashed Russian plane found in Indonesia: Helicopter scouring slopes of dormant volcano spots wreckage but no sign that passengers and crew survived.
Alpine tour guide chopped down crosses, said he wanted to spark debate on Christian symbols in public areas
Why green energy might not solve the power crunch:   As the world turns its back on nuclear power in the wake of Japans Fukushima disaster, experts worry green energy cant pick up the slack.
Two suicide car bombs have ripped through the Syrian capital, killing 55 people and shaving the facade off a military intelligence building in the deadliest explosions since the countrys uprising began 14 months ago.
France  - where Freemasons are still feared. 
Netherlands becomes worlds second net neutrality country
One in six cancers worldwide is caused by preventable or treatable infections, a new study finds.
Suicide blast kills more than 100 Yemeni troops at parade rehearsal - CNN.com
Israeli soldiers seen standing by as settlers use live fire against Palestinians
Bee Gees singer Robin Gibb is dead.
Earthquake destroys $326 million worth of cheese
WATCH: An Israeli settler shoots at Palestinians while IDF soldiers stand idly by, 24 year old Palestinian wounded as a result.
NATO decides to activate missile shield despite Russian threats - NATO leaders launched Sunday 1st phase of a US-led missile shield for Europe, risking the wrath of Russia which has threatened to deploy rockets to EU borders in response.
Elusive Asian Unicorn Faces Extinction
Japanese man severs real estate agents arm with katana
Quebec corruption inquiry could expose links between Mafia, politics and construction 
Study: Despite Tougher Copyright Monopoly Laws, Sharing Remains Pervasive - 61% of 15-25 year-olds in Sweden share culture online, in violation of the copyright monopoly
Ban Ki-moon: Eradicate polio, finally -- The highly preventable disease survives in only Afghanistan, Nigeria and Pakistan. If we dont wipe it out now, a future epidemic could be devastating.
Arctic melt releasing ancient methane
BBC News - Three climbers die on Mt Everest
Russia Says West Considering Military Action on Iran - Its one of many signals coming from sources that the military option is realistic &amp; possible.  Were receiving signals this option is being reviewed in some capitals as more applicable in this situation. Were very worried about this. 
Inside Halden, The Most Humane Prison In The World -- Report from high-security prison in Norway. Where rehabilitation is focus, not retribution. Prisoners include murderers, paedophiles. Yet every cell has flat-screen TV and private shower. Warden cant remember last figh
Taliban destroy poppy fields in surprise clampdown on Afghan opium growers.  Action by Taliban welcomed by government and clerics but insurgent says destruction was for religious reasons
Svyatoslav Sheremet, head of Gay Forum of Ukraine, is beaten as he met with members of the media to inform them that a scheduled gay-pride parade was cancelled
UK banks are ready for Greek exit, says Bank of England
Pakistan restores Twitter after block
JPMorgan Chase loss only going to get worse 
Drones of its Own: NATO Signs Deal with Northrup Grumman for Global Surveillance Capabilities
Mexican Journalists Silenced to Death - Journalists are being killed, wounded &amp; threatened at an alarming rate in Mexico since the US/Mexican War on Drugs accelerated into a bloodbath of deaths, wounding &amp; torture beginning in 2006.
Alleged perpetrator of mass beheadings in Mexico arrested
Czech ex-minister Rath faces hearing over box of cash  - A week ago police detained Mr Rath as he was carrying a wine box containing 7m koruna (224,000). He is accused of diverting money from an EU project.
Did a Dingo Do it?  - 32 years on,  the 4th inquest into Azaria Chamberlains death opened in Darwin this morning.  A coroners court heard the 9-week-old baby was probably taken by a dingo. She famously disappeared from a tent at Uluru in 1980.
Quebec is trampling basic human rights to quash student protests
Indian state says its OK now to kill tiger poachers on sight.
Iran Navy Helps U.S. Ship Attacked by Pirates in Middle East
Child pornography is great, the man said enthusiastically, Politicians do not understand file sharing, but they understand child pornography, and they want to filter that to score points with the public.
Sweden moves to outlaw forced marriages
Nearly 1,000 dogs reportedly have been sickened by chicken jerky pet treats from China, according to a new tally of complaints from worried owners and veterinarians submitted to federal health officials.
RCMP to ease Canadians into the idea of U.S. agents in Canada
Official: 122 girls, 3 teachers poisoned at Afghan school
Over 700 arrest last night in Montreal and Quebec City during a student demonstration.
Canadian Pacific Railroad wants to cut employee pensions by 40% and worsen already rough working conditions. In response, a strike is showing how important 4,800 CP workers are to the Canadian and Global economy, 
Iran navy saves US cargo ship from pirates
North Korea ready to carry out nuclear test at any moment
Drunk Chinese couple buries car-hit victim alive - police. A young Chinese couple is suspected of burying alive an elderly woman, whom they thought they had hit and killed while driving drunk after an all-night karaoke session.
The two most important criminal organizations in Mexico are engaged in all-out war, and the most spectacular battles are being fought for the cameras as the combatants pursue a strategy of intimidation and propaganda by dumping ever greater numbers of headless bodies in public view.
New Zealand officials pledge to snuff out smoking entirely by 2025.
Australia21 Board Member Dr Alex Wodak: Should Illicit Drugs be Legalised in Australia? The War on Drugs, waged for at the last 40 years, has failed comprehensively. Important leaders of the community in Australia and other countries now increasingly acknowledge this.
Indian state says its OK now to kill tiger poachers on sight
TEPCO today announced their new estimates of the radiation release at Fukushima. They now estimate that four times as much Cesium was released as at Chernobyl
A Female President Demands Equal Rights for Africas Gays
Gold Boom Spreading Mercury as 15 Million Miners Exposed
African asylum seekers injured in Tel Aviv race riots:  Violence breaks out after inflammatory speeches as protesters join politicians to demonstrate against rising Israeli immigration
U.S. drone strike kills 10 in northwest Pakistan
Inventor of the TV remote control dies at 96 
North Korea executes 3 for cannibalism.
Chinese police have arrested a young couple who buried an old woman alive in the mistaken belief she was dead after their car hit the 68-year-old
Hundreds of lawyers take to the streets in full courtroom attire in protest of unconsitutional Quebec law
Syrian diplomats expelled from countries around the world after new massacre: France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Canada, Britain and Australia kick out ambassadors and other senior representatives.
A New Zealand court has ruled that the U.S. Government must hand over the evidence they have against Megaupload so Kim Dotcom and other employees can properly defend themselves against the pending extradition request.
The father of a man killed in the 1989 Tiananmen Square crackdown has hanged himself in protest after two decades of failed attempts to seek government redress, a support group said Monday.
B.C police gun down a mentally ill man while he crawls on his hands and knees
Italy hit by magnitude 6.0 earthquake, 32 miles north-east of Parma
U.S. denies North Korea commando operation
The Gem of Canadian Science that (Canadian PM) Harper Killed/ world famous Experimental Lakes Area proved phosphates caused lake killing blooms.
Child brides sold as HIV cure in South Africa
NATO Kills Senior al-Qaeda Leader 
Rapper Najafi on the Fatwa: Fundamentalists Cant Take a Joke - Iranian rapper Shahin Najafi has been in hiding in Germany since a fatwa was pronounced against him three weeks ago.
EU signs 10M contract with UK security firm to work in Libya but didnt ask Libya and no work permits will be approved.
Photos paint horrific scene following massacre in Houla
Tuna contaminated with Fukushima radiation found in California
Zanzibar Islamists burn churches - Reuters
Argentina bomb defused where Colombias ex-president was to speak 
Growing Fear Over Fukushima Fuel Pool 4 as Wall Bulge Detected - 
TEPCO admits bulge detected, stoking fears over the buildings stability
Vatican Forced To Deny Senior Cardinal Is Mastermind Of Vatileaks Scandal: Speculation has continued to gather pace that senior Church figures are behind the leaking of sensitive Vatican documents and that butler Paolo Gabriele . . . is nothing more than a scapegoat.
Robert Mugabe named international tourism ambassador in latest UN absurdity
Syrian ambassadors expelled from countries including UK, France and US
Apparent human foot delivered to Conservative Party HQ
In a country with compulsory voting, 1.5 million potential voters missing from Australian electoral rolls. 
71% of Britons said they felt the open doors approach to foreign nationals was leading to an increase in racist feelings
Pakistan death decree over wedding video: Four women and two men have been sentenced to death in northern Pakistan for singing and dancing at a wedding
Robert Mugabe appointed as UN international envoy for tourism
Norway goes secular, removes Lutheran Church as state religion
Busloads of unemployed UK residents brought in to work as unpaid stewards during the diamond jubilee celebrations and then told to sleep under London Bridge
South Korea surrenders to creationist demands: Publishers set to remove examples of evolution from high-school textbooks
A giant squid, one of the most mysterious and least understood of marine creatures, has been found floating off the New South Wales [Australia] south coast.
Moscow : 18 year old female protestor , arrested during mass protest potentially faces 8 years in prison.
China tells US to stop reporting Beijings bad air
Germany has indicated that it is prepared to accept a grand bargain that would provide greater support for its most indebted euro zone partners in exchange for more centralized control over government spending in Europe.
Nearly half of Germans want Greece to leave euro
When Sandra Tamari arrived at Israels international airport, she received an unusual request: A security agent pushed a computer screen in front of her, connected to Gmail and told her to log in.
Egyptian women were doing better under Mubarak.
Syria declares Western ambassadors unwelcome
Iraqi architects and historians have decried official neglect of historical buildings nationwide, many of which have fallen into disrepair and disuse, and called for greater attention to be paid to them.
Vampire skeletons found in Bulgaria near Black Sea
Pakistan condemns U.S. drone strikes. Pakistan on Monday strongly condemned a jump in U.S. drone strikes on its territory, using language that could increase tension between strategic allies already in dispute over military supply routes for NATO that Pakistan has closed.
Syria bans US and European diplomats
Azerbaijan accuses Armenia of killing five soldiers
Top al-Qaeda strategist may have been killed in a drone strike in Pakistan 
Breivik Judge Caught Playing Solitaire In Court.
Vatican secretary of state says Pope Benedict XVI victim of ferocious attacks 
New photos emerge of Tiananmen Square just after 1989 massacre
Four African migrants have been hurt in a suspected arson attack in Jerusalem
Spain says markets shutting it out, seeks EU help for banks
| Reuters
Satellite images indicate buildings are being demolished and soil removed at Parchin, an Iranian military site the U.N. nuclear watchdog wants to visit, its chief said on Monday.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has promised to step up efforts to deter, detain and deport illegal migrants to Israel, as tensions mounted over an influx of asylum seekers from Africa.
China tells US to stop tweets on Beijings bad air
Ray Bradbury Passes Away at 91.
Russia Adopts Controversial Protest Bill - It hikes the penalty for organisers of illegal protests to 1,000,000 rubles ($32,100), while participants can be fined up to 300,000 rubles ($9,000).  Human Rights Watch criticized the bill, saying it severely undercut the right to peaceful assembly.
Teacher who gave students zero marks becomes a folk hero - The Globe and Mail
Bath Salts drug ingredient to be made illegal in Canada
UN IAEA inspectors have verified that Iran converted 33% of its 20% enriched uranium stockpile into metal plates. Converting the 20 percent uranium into fuel makes it more difficult to use the material for weapons.
Blind, Paralysis Tiananmen activist found hanged in Chinese hospital room, Chinese cop said this is sucide.
The Vatican said it was being blackmailed by the leaking of confidential documents taken from the Popes private apartment as an anonymous mole threatened to release more embarrassing material unless two senior officials were sacked.
Dozens arrested after riot at Foxconn plant.
Belgian right-wingers have offered to pay a $310 bounty to anyone who reports a veiled woman to police
Starbucks Ireland alienates its entire customer base with one bad tweet.
Germany was quick to approve a phase-out of nuclear power in the country after the Fukushima nuclear disaster. Now the costs of moving toward renewable energy are just being realized, and low-income consumers are paying the price.
Groundbreaking Photography Exhibit on Imperial Japanese Sex Slave Labor Canceled in Tokyo
Joseph Stalins Deadly Railway to Nowhere - In the Russian Arctic lies buried an unfinished railway built by prisoners of Stalins gulags. For decades no-one talked about it. But 1 woman is now telling the story  - &amp; theres talk of bringing back to life the abandoned railway itself.
Drug-resistant gonorrhoea has spread across the world, say health officials
Suspicious packages believed to contain human remains sent to two Vancouver schools
Greece Warns of Going Broke as Taxes Dry Up
A leading Chinese dissident, Li Wangyang, imprisoned after the 1989 Tiananmen pro-democracy protests has been found dead under strange circumstances, his relatives and rights groups said.
US Drone Kills Al-Qaeda No. 2 Officer
Large Tahrir Square protests break out over Mubarak sentence and lack of real change
Why China is likely to get more involved in Afghanistan:  For the past decade, China has not played a significant role in Afghanistan. But with NATO starting to pull out, Afghanistans security will affect neighboring China.
In Turkey, Abortion Law Sparks New Battle Over Mosque Versus State - 
In the latest clash over the role of religion in Turkish society, thousands in Istanbul have rallied against a proposed new law that would restrict abortion rights
Spain said it is losing access to credit markets and appealed to its European partners to help revive its banks, a distress signal sure to intensify global pressure on Europe to move faster to the aid of its fourth-largest economy.
Yes, they use the euro. And the economy is booming.
Israels attorney general approves Netanyahus plan to relocate 5 homes on Palestinian land to former military base in West Bank where 300 unites will be built. Netanayahu also to head settlement approval committee and establishes Palestinian court grievance  process
China says Great Wall is 21,000 km long
In a matter of days, the number of expected foreign visitors to Tibet has gone from millions to zero, as China Forbids International Tourism to Tibet Indefinitely.
Far-right Greek politician punches female rival on TV.
Toronto to ban plastic bags by 2013
Gay marriage in the church just passed in Danish parliament 
Denmark approves gay weddings in church
Four women killed for dancing at Pakistani wedding : 
World News - India Today
Hollande lowers French retirement age back to 60
Dead obese womans fat sets crematorium building on fire
Amid Economic Crisis, Spain Ponders Taxing Catholic Church Property - Yahoo! News
Manhunt for Greek lawmaker who hit female rival on live television - World News
Golden Dawn spokesman attacks left-wing politicians on live TV
Dead boy wakes up and asks for water at funeral in Brazil
Syrian army stops UN from reaching massacre 
Massive Fish Kill Outside Tokyo - Looks like a carpet of sardines.  There are tons &amp; tons of dead sardines washing up on shore.  Not only is the sight disturbing, but the huge amount of dead fish is literally smelling up the entire surrounding area.
Huge Peru Tomb Found80 Bodies
Greek far-right Golden Dawn MP wanted for assault
UN report warns global environment is near tipping point, calls for urgent action
U.N. monitors shot at on way to Syria massacre site
JPost journalist attacked by mob in Greece. The incident began around 8 p.m. when a group of about 20 masked men wielding batons started beating refugees, migrants and homeless people in the middle of the street.
State media reported that staff at a religious school in heavily Muslim far western China set off explosives to fend off a police raid and that 12 children were burned. An overseas rights group, however, blamed tear gas used by paramilitary forces for the injuries.
After 33 years, I can no longer ignore the evidence on drugs
Asian Origin for Human Ancestors? Discovery of a new primate that lived about 37 million years ago in the ancient swamplands of Myanmar bolsters the idea that the deep primate family tree that gave rise to humans is rooted in Asia
Freak European monsoon brings 70mph winds, torrential rain and 40ft waves to the UK
I want my son executed:  Parents of man who secretly buried his 8-year-old child after allegedly torturing her to death seek capital punishment
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says the EU needs a political union even if it means some countries integrating faster than others
Parents who force their children to marry will face jail under new UK laws to be introduced
Moscow bans gay pride for century ahead: City court ruled lawful to ban public events that can be qualified as gay parades from March 2012 till May 2112
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper silences Canadian scientists
An 11-year-old boy will appear in court in Bahrain on Monday to face charges of illegally protesting.
Greece is not in a recession. It is in a Depression.
Former Pentagon Analyst: China can shut down all the telecom gear it sold to US
Japan PM says two reactors must restart for survival of society
| Reuters
The US Will Re-Open Massive Philippine Bases Not Occupied Since The Cold War
Robert Mugabes motorcade runs over homeless man
North Korea faces worst drought in 50 years; South says aid unlikely
UFO Sightings Across Middle East Were Probably A Missile 
Argentina is trying to impose an economic blockade on the Falkland Islands
Putin signs new anti-rally bill
An eight-ton gilded bronze door so splendid Michelangelo dubbed it the `Door of Paradise will be unveiled to the public again after 27 years of restoration work.
New immigration law would force UK citizens with non-EU partners to choose between exile or breakup.
A British journalist claims Syrian rebels set him up to die in no mans land near the Lebanese border, saying Friday he believes they wanted to use his death at the hands of government forces to score propaganda points.
Euro 2012: Holland players subjected to racist abuse at training session
Tobacco giant Philip Morris infiltrated Swiss university
Israel to build housing in West Bank
Big Content wants to bring SOPA-style policies to Canada
14 Dismembered Bodies Found in Lorry Parked in Front of Mayors Office in Mexico - Gang-related messages were found on the blankets covering 11 men &amp; 3 women
At least 18 people have been killed in a bomb attack on a bus carrying government employees in north west Pakistan.
Blood, Flesh, Gore at Site of Suspected Massacre in Syria
Bloodied heads of young seals found nailed to entrance of sanctuary
Ukraine ambassador accuses BBC of bias over Euro 2012 racism claims
Gallup Poll: 57% of Chinese believe environmental protection should be their countrys top priority
$28 cabbage, $65 chicken, $100 case of water and other insane food prices in Northern Canada 
Iceland, New Zealand top list of most peaceful nations. Canada 4th, USA 88th
Putin opponents march in Moscow
Police bar 3 veiled women from entering France 
Falkland Islands to hold referendum on sovereignty
Syrian rebels seize key military base, reportedly have surface-to-air missiles aimed at Bashars palace and are threatening to fire | Reuters (video)
Tens of thousands of Russians flooded Moscows tree-lined boulevards in the first massive protest against Putins rule since his inauguration
Queenslands same-sex civil unions laws will be amended so couples can no longer have a ceremony that emulates marriage.
Tens of thousands in March of millions Moscow protest (PHOTOS, VIDEO)
Police bar 3 veiled women from entering France
Greeks Ask EU: why does Spain get a better deal?
Results confirm, a dingo ate her baby
Two 15 year old girls, charged with luring other teenage girls into prostitution.
Greek politician who attacked rivals on TV avoids arrest because he was not apprehended by midnight of the next day.
After 115 Years Together, Tortoises Go Their Separate Ways
China tells US embassies to stop tweeting about air quality, citing that Chinese standards are lower than US ones because China is a developing country
Assange asks for extradition case to be reopened:  Lawyers for WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange have asked the British Supreme Court to re-open the appeal against his extradition to Sweden. 
Iran starts exporting electricity to power-starved Iraq. Iraq continues to suffer massive power shortages due to poor infrastructure, a lack of funds, political disorganization, and the effects of the recent US-led war.
Thousands protest in Moscow against Putin:  Thousands protest Russian presidents third term, a day after police raid homes of opposition activists.
Pakistan frenzy over gold rupee coins  - Telegraph
WikiLeaks Julian Assange has asked Britains Supreme Court to re-open his appeal against extradition to Sweden
Sorry, whats a Jew? Twitter storm after official Sweden curator puts her foot in it. 
Spain Is In A Vicious Downward Spiral Right Now
Bangladesh has refused 14 boats carrying 550 Rohingya Muslims fleeing sectarian violence in Myanmar
Pure ecstacy (MDMA) can be safe for adults; should be regulated and sold in stores: B.C. health officer
Canadian researchers thwart Ebola virus - The Globe and Mail
Germany bans ultraconservative Islamic organization
Over 50 Zetas Drug Cartel Members, Including 2 Active Duty Policemen, Women, &amp; children, Arrested in Mexico
Italian prosecutors suspect Vatican bank is laundering Sicilian mafia $$$
Child shelter home scandal rocks India: 5-yr-olds made to perform oral sex, naked yoga
Cleric declares jihad against polio campaign in Pakistan
Gaza water too contaminated to drink
Japan moves closer to restarting nuclear reactors
The rise of Greeces far-Right Golden Dawn party has led to a spate of vicious attacks against immigrants that it is feared will only increase after a new election is held on Sunday. 
500 meter asteroid passes close to Earth today.  
2012 LZ1 was only discovered last week.
Indonesia internet atheist given jail term - 2 and a half years
Egypt is currently under martial law until a new parliament can be put in place -Egypts highest court declares parliament invalid.
Jordan promises to stop revoking citizenship from Palestinians
Amnesty: Syrian government forces are killing civilians in organized attacks on towns and villages that amount to crimes against humanity
Pickup truck in China tips over, 16 bodies fall out
Tony Blair avoids attempted citizens arrest in Hong Kong
Germany: Major crackdown on Salafist Muslims
Montreal Teacher Shows Class Jun Lin Murder Video - The online video shows the stabbing &amp; dismembering of the Chinese man by suspect Luka Magnotta.  School officials condemned the teachers actions &amp; are treating the incident very seriously.
Top health official in the Canadian province of British Columbia expresses support for legalization of MDMA/Ecstasy, says its safe for adults to use and should be regulated like alcohol.
Egypts high court nullifies parliamentary elections; military may take over lawmaking
Guess the Worlds Most Expensive Places to Live in  2012 [especially 2nd] .You will be shocked
The Raids That Backfired: How the Russian Police Helped to Swell a Protest -- Apparently concerned about a new march against Putin, the authorities tried disrupting the lives of its organizers. The move, however, gave fresh momentum to the demonstration
Egypts Parliament Dissolved By Court; Election Ruled Unconstitutional
Roma relocation scores Romania mayor a major vote win
9-Year-Old Who Changed School Lunches Silenced By Politicians (Wired)
The ban on a nine-year-old girl taking photographs of her school meals has been lifted
Kidnapping by Mexican Police Caught on Video
Every call, every email, every text: UK unveils bill aimed at logging citizens Web activity.
Manga is not child pornography. Swedish supreme court acquits manga translator from possession of child pornography.
Venezuela surpasses Saudi Arabia to become the worlds largest holder of proven oil reserves
Indonesian man jailed for two-and-a-half years for writing God doesnt exist on his Facebook page
Spain Claims Top Spot for Worlds Oldest Cave Art - Archaeologists say red disk over 40,000 years old couldve been painted by Neanderthals
Irelands 5,500-yr-old Stone of Destiny, has been hit with a hammer, causing damage in 11 places on all 4 granite faces - None of the fragments were found. Tradition holds that the High Kings of Ireland were crowned at the stone. 
Court Dissolves Parliament in Egypt in Blow to Islamists
Highway 16: Serial killer being hunted in Canada after 40 young women vanish on same remote road in 30 years 
Parks Canada staff banned from criticizing Feds : Workers told they have duty to support Harper government (x post from r/canada)
Egyptian military forces surround parliament 
China forced abortion photo: Feng Jianmei had to abort at 7 months for breaching one-child policy
Iran seizes killers of nuclear scientists
U.S. Revises Comments on Russian Helicopters Going to Syria - actually returning to Syria after being refurbished
Three dead after University of Alberta shooting
Argentine leader takes Falklands claim to UN
US official: Russia sends troops to Syria as peace hopes fade - World News
Syrian forces use sexual violence against men, women, children (Contains graphic details of torture)
Aung San Suu Kyi taken ill:  Burmas pro-democracy leader forced to call a halt to a news conference in Bern after bending over in pain and vomiting
Forest boy Ray (in Germany) identified as Dutch - 
The Local
In a bid to end a decades-long split in the Catholic Church, the Vatican offered a conservative breakaway group [SSPX] a special status enjoyed only by the Opus Dei movement . . . The status . . . would allow the SSPX to operate directly under the popes authority, without territorial boundaries.
Greeces Knife-Edge Election - 
Greek politics is in a state of molecular meltdown, but the election story told by European politicians and journalists doesnt begin to map it.
Europe Makes Big Bets on Nuclear Waste Burial - 
 - On a small Finnish island &amp; deep in remote rural France, far from the debates &amp; doubts that followed Japans Fukushima nuclear disaster, the ground work is underway for a commitment to atomic power for the long term - the very long term
Brave man jumps into Moscow river after seeing a car plunge into the water, saves woman driver... as his own car and clothes get stolen.
Egyptian Military grants itself sweeping powers; effectively military coup.
British comedian Jimmy Carr, who has openly criticised Barclays Bank for tax avoidance, is exposed as main beneficiary in huge tax avoidance scheme
Alcohol consumption would fall 25% if cannabis cafes were allowed
Canada Passes its version of the DMCA (Bill C-11) through the Commons today.  Most of Reddit, and Canadian media fail to notice.
Sea Sick: Another virus crashes Canadas salmon farms - Critics say the farms shouldve seen this coming.  A professor claimed that wild sockeye tested in 2011 showed a more serious virus was present in B.C. waters. The government seized his samples &amp; declared the virus wasnt present.  
Female singer in Pakistan who defied taliban decree against singing shot dead in drive-by
Vatican accuses media of imitating Dan Brown and said the Roman Catholic Churchs latest travails were part of the Devils attempt to destabilize it.
BBC News - Ship carrying Russian attack helicopters to Syria halted off Scotland
Iceland Named Most Peaceful Country in the World
Swiss army loses track of 10,000 firearms
A magnitude 5.2 earthquake has shaken parts of southern Victoria, Australia  
Iran, Russia, China, Syria to hold drill - 12 Chinese warships to sail through the Suez Canal, Russian atomic submarines / aircraft carriers to take part 
Egypt: Revolutionary forces call for mass protest against coup dtat
India announces USD 10 billion for debt-wracked eurozone
Hamas renews rocket fire from Gaza; 11 missiles explode in southern Israel
With inspiration from a friend too lazy to take a shower and a few months of research on the Internet, South African university student Ludwick Marishane has won global recognition for an invention that takes the water out of bathing.
Canadian mining companies are the new conquistadors. 
Mexicos drug war rocks U.S. and Canadian expat stronghold: ...last month suspected drug-gang hitmen kidnapped a group of Mexican locals and dumped 18 decapitated bodies in two vehicles just miles from the lakeside tourist enclave of Ajijic.
According to Iranian news sources, Iran, Russia, 
China and Syria will soon hold the Middle Easts 
largest ever war games - the exercises will 
reportedly involve 90,000 troops, 400 warplanes 
and 1,000 tanks from the four countries
At least seven Turkish soldiers killed in ambush by Kurdish rebels, state TV says.
Britain fires first shot for military intervention in Syria
Canadian govt to eavesdrop on people coming into country
BBC News - WikiLeaks Julian Assange seeks asylum in Ecuador embassy
Zimbabwes Mugabe Motorcade in Deadly Crash - One reported killed &amp;  15 others injured.  A car in the motorcade hit a commuter bus__ the 3rd such accident in 2 weeks.  Police spokesman said a bus failed to make way for the presidents vehicles quickly enough.
BBC News - India unblocks The Pirate Bay and other sharing sites
Japan Passes Jail-for-Downloaders Anti-Piracy Law
CIA secretly operates on Syrian border, supplies arms to rebels.
It is easier to send 30,000 women abroad to study than to let one woman drive, says a Saudi diplomat.
Turkey says warplane lost off Syria
Drone strikes threaten 50 years of international law, says UN rapporteur
Julian Assanges first interview from Ecuadorian 
Embassy (Transcript)
Turkey drops anti-abortion legislation:  Government withdraws controversial plan to slash time limit for abortions after mounting pressure from civil society.
Two children hospitalized in London after a pub chef spiked chocolate puddings with ecstasy. Another customer had an out of body experience.
Explosives found at Sweden nuclear plant; Nation raises security alert at all 10 reactors
Suicide leading cause of death for India youths: In contrast to patterns usually seen in wealthier countries, the highest suicide rates in India are among young, wealthy and highly educated people.
Uganda says gays now free to meet: This is the first time the government is making a statement that appears to recognize the rights of gay people in Uganda, where most homosexuals remain closeted for fear of attacks, and it seemed to take even the activists by surprise.
Thousand of protesters fill Tahrir Square against interference in Egypts transition to democracy
Israeli airline El Al stops transporting research primates; El Al will not fly monkeys meant to be used for experiments. Period.
 A huge North Korean flag disappeared behind a tower of flames and thick black smoke Friday as South Korean fighter jets and U.S. attack helicopters fired rockets in the allies biggest joint live-fire drills since the Korean War.
 Starving Greeks queue for food in their thousands as debt-laden country forms a coalition government.
Circumcision for Zimbabwes MPs - A group of Zimbabwean MPs are getting circumcised as part of a campaign to reduce HIV and Aids cases 
Ecuador president vows to take time on Assange decision:  Scotland Yard says the WikiLeaks founder has breached his bail conditions
WikiLeaks Assange says ready for life in Ecuador: He fears that if sent to Sweden, he would then be extradited to the United States where he believes he could face criminal charges punishable by death.
 Deaths of Hostages Held by Somali Pirates Increasing- The number of hostages killed or injured by Somali pirates increased significantly last year.  Levels of violence against seafarers in coastal waters around east Africa &amp; the Gulf of Aden also remained high.
 BBC News - Syria rebels accused of massacring 25 people in village
Paper on altering bird flu to be published despite bioterror concerns
U.S. politicians are tempted to blame Chinese currency manipulation for the countrys economic woes. China though has appreciated its currency by nearly 40 percent in real terms since 2005.
Moodys downgrades 15 major global banks
Muslim pair accused of planning jihad bomb attack on Jews in Britain | Guardian
Circumcision of kids a crime - German court
Mall collapse in Northern Ontario leaves 1 dead, 30 unaccounted for ... rescue crews are still unabe to enter the wreckage
HPV vaccine ban by Calgary bishop putting girls lives at risk, doctors say
Boxes where parents can leave an unwanted baby, common in medieval Europe, have been making a comeback over the last 10 years. Supporters say a heated box, monitored by nurses, is better for babies than abandonment on the street - but the UN says it violates the rights of the child.
Syria fires on second Turkish plane
Shootout at Mexico City airport kills three police officers
Prominent Americans urge Ecuador to accept Julian Assanges asylum request
Imagining the Unthinkable: The Disastrous Consequences of a Euro Crash - As the debt crisis worsens in Spain and Italy, financial experts are warning of the catastrophic consequences of a crash of the euro: the destruction of trillions in assets and record high unemployment levels, even in Germany.
Turkish PM vows to help liberate Syria from dictatorship: Erdogan lashed out at Syria, saying it poses threat to Turkeys national security, calling Syrian government tyrants. He warned that any Syrian troops approaching Turkish borders would be dealt with as a military target
Not an accident, now it was self defense - Syria warns NATO
Three ultra-Orthodox Jewish men have been arrested in Israel, suspected of defacing the national Holocaust memorial with anti-Zionist graffiti.
Travelers run for cover as cops kill cops at Mexico City airport
Pandemic H1N1 Flu Killed Far More Than Reported: The pandemic H1N1 flu in 2009 may have killed more than 500,000 people around the world, 15 times more than reported (from r/globalhealth)
After Rio, we know. Governments have given up on the planet: The post-summit pledge was an admission of defeat against consumer capitalism. But we can still salvage the natural world.
China has pumped billions of dollars into the African nation of Chads oil infrastructure. Chads dictator has used the money to maintain power and bribe the populace with cheap oil. 
EU Commissioner Reveals He Will Simply Ignore Any Rejection Of ACTA By European Parliament Next Week 
Worlds oldest bank in Italy wants 3bn state aid
Both Koreas suffering worst drought in a century: North Korea dispatched soldiers to pour buckets of water on parched fields and South Korean officials scrambled to save a rare mollusk threatened by the heat as the worst dry spell in a century gripped the Korean peninsula.
New details of UK piracy monitoring plan made public: It gives copyright holders three times longer to produce evidence against alleged pirates, and it seriously reduces the right of appeal for the alleged pirates
4 presidents propose upping power of eurozone authorities over national governments
Video shows police manhandling protester during Tel Aviv rally  Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper
Syrian forces fire at second Turkish plane: Turkey said on Monday Syrian forces had fired towards a Turkish military transport plane involved in a search for an F-4 reconnaissance jet shot down by Syria last week
Egyptian court says army cannot arrest civilians
Turkey said Monday it would push NATO to consider Syrias downing of a Turkish jet as an attack on the whole military alliance.
New strain of TB resistant to all currently available treatments 
Australians and New Zealanders are the biggest users of recreational drugs, particularly cannabis, according to the 2012 United Nations World Drug Report.
The Arab awakenings happened because the Arab peoples stopped fearing their leaders  but they stalled because the Arab peoples have not stopped fearing each other.
Rupert Murdoch forced to break up News Corp 
The war on drugs is a failure that is fuelling the global HIV/AIDS epidemic by driving people away from treatment, an international group says.
Canada falls out of top fifty in global freedom of information rankings (from r/Canada)
In a remarkable statement, the copyright monopoly fundamentalist Marielle Gallo  of the Gallo Report infamy  says that the citizens of Europe who have been campaigning against ACTA are terrorists
UK ready to take on Israel over fate of children clapped in irons
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad declared on Tuesday that his country was at war and ordered his new government to spare no effort to achieve victory, as the worst fighting of the 16-month conflict reached the outskirts of the capital.
Why are Young Indians Killing Themselves? -  Suicide has become the 2nd leading cause of death among the countrys young adults, after road accidents in men, &amp; childbirth-related complications in women.  40% of the men &amp; 56% of women who took their lives in 2010 were age 15-29.
The Ecuadorian embassies in US and Britain have received over 10,000 messages in support of political asylum for Julian Assange
Attack on Greek Microsoft Office - Gunmen set fire to the place in Athens
Irish vigilate group hunting drug dealers, in hopes to rid the area of drugs. 
The pacific nation of Palau ranks first in cannabis consumption, with nearly 25 percent of citizens having smoked in the past year. 
German Chancellor Angela Merkel sought to bury once and for all the idea of common euro zone bonds on Tuesday, saying Europe would not share total debt liability as long as I live, as the blocs big four finance ministers met to narrow differences on how to solve a worsening debt crisis.
Assad says Syria at war as battle reaches capital
Syrian rebels destroy goverment  TV station
Online and on the streets, Mexico youth protests grow as election looms
Founder and 4 senior members of Singapores largest megachurch arrested for misappropriating church funds.
TransCanada Wins 1 of 3 US Permits for Keystone Pipeline in Galveston District -  2 more permits are needed to finish the lines southern section, rebranded the Gulf Coast project.  Environmentalists argue it fosters more tar sands development in Alberta &amp; have asked the EPA to intervene.
Second boat sinks off Christmas Island: A boat carrying an estimated 150 people has capsized north of Christmas Island, Australian officials say, a week after an asylum-seeker boat sank in the area.
China proposes $10bn loan [and currency swaps] for Latin America countries [MERCOSUR]
Britains Queen Elizabeth is to shake the hand of a once-feared commander of the IRA on Wednesday to seal end of one of Europes bitterest conflicts, which cost the lives of thousands of soldiers and civilians, including her cousin
Putin to Israel: Beware of wars that are not that smart, such as the ones in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Germany v France: The eurozones next big battle?
Germany bans Circumcisions 
British Journalist Sexually Assaulted in Cairos Tahrir Square.... Men began to rip off my clothes, she wrote. I was stripped naked......These men, hundreds of them, had turned from humans to animals.
2500 year old ancient Phoenician port destroyed to build skyscrapers
German secret service destroys files on neo-Nazi terrorist gang.
Vital information was shredded on the day it was due to be handed to federal prosecutors
Chinas first woman in space returns to Earth
Man sets himself on fire outside Birmingham job 
centre, apparently over a payment he had not 
received.
Anonymous hacks the website of a minor countryside river authority, instead of the central Japanese government, because the first half of the name is the same spelling.
United Technologies Corp on Thursday admitted selling China software that helped Beijing develop its first modern military attack helicopter, one of hundreds of export control violations over nearly two decades.
Syrian tanks amass near Turkish border
91000 seals in Namibia to be clubbed and shot to death in a few weeks time.
China blocks Bloomberg website after report on wealth of next presidents extended family
Troops Are Piling Up On Both Sides Of The Syria-Turkey Border: today about 170 Syrian tanks assembled north of Aleppo, yesterday Turkey deployed at least 30 Turkish military vehicles equipped with anti-aircraft rocket launchers to the border, straight west of Aleppo
The oldest known samples of pottery have been unearthed in southern China.
Forbidden Drink: Why Alcoholism Is Soaring in Officially Booze-Free Iran -  With a worsening economy, thriving black market, and prohibition-enforced absence of social norms, Iranians heavy drinking may be turning into a public health crisis.
Julian Assange told to turn himself in at London police station:  WikiLeaks founder seeking political asylum inside Ecuadors London embassy is served with surrender notice
BBC News - Julian Assange declines police order
Chinese spacecraft returns to Earth:  Chinas Shenzou 9 spacecraft has completed its mission, bringing the first Chinese woman into space. The astronauts completed a crucial docking test meant to pave the way for building a manned Chinese space station. 
Egyptian officials sentenced over Israel gas deal: According to officials, the men were charged with undermining the interests of Egypt and exporting gas to Israel at below market value.
Germany caved in to demands for less stringent bailouts and direct aid to banks
Julian Assange is not leaving the Ecuadorian Embassy any time soon
Japan ignores protests to resume nuclear power - Telegraph
Neo-Nazi Cell Scandal: German Intelligence Agency under Fire for Shredding Files  
Police intercept $35M of counterfeit Italian train tickets en route from China
Thousands flee floods in Indias Assam state:  At least 27 people killed and about a million people shifted as the swollen Brahmaputra river swamps villages.
Destination Europe:  The Sahara Deserts Forgotten Refugees -- With ambushes, illness and police persecution, the journey through the Sahara to Algeria is a path of misery and danger.
Fires threaten to extinguish critical Indonesian orangutan population:   Conservationists claim a massive new wave of fires has been set in Tripa peat swamp to make way for palm oil plantations
European court declares resale of used software 
licenses legal, not matter where and how they were 
obtained.
Eighty-Five Syrian Soldiers, Including a General, Defect en Masse to Turkey
French police raid home of former president Nicolas Sarkozy.
$3.5B later, China has built an empty city in Angola.
21 Nations Block Effort to Turn Southern Atlantic Into Giant Whale Sanctuary
Tuscan police officers pay for shoplifters goods after they see 2 brothers, the older with a wife and two children, had only pasta, milk, nappies and baby food
Mexico elects Enrique Pea Nieto as its new leader, rejecting the ruling party in part because of its inability to end a bloody conflict with the drug cartels
500 year old world map discovered. First one to use the name America. 
Barclays Diamond Threatens to Reveal Secrets and Name Names If Investigation Is Too Aggressive
New Zealand ships refused entry to Pearl Harbour during maritime exercise due to NZ Anti-Nuclear legislation
Tests hint at possible Arafat poisoning - What Killed Arafat?
Syria running 27 torture centers; Human Rights Watch group called for the U.N.  to refer the issue of Syria to the International Criminal Court
Large earthquake felt across NZ
Barclays boss Bob Diamond resigns after LIBOR fixing scandal
Lies, damn lies, and LIBOR: Barclays, Diamond, and a devalued benchmark:  
The story of how Barclays tried to rig an interest rate benchmark called LIBOR and it cost CEO Robert Diamond his job may seem obscure. But its the latest evidence that bankers will take every inch regulators leave to them.
Assad regrets shooting down Turkish jet, had hoped it was an Israeli jet
Timbuktus Destruction: Why Islamists Are Wrecking Malis Cultural Heritage
Tests hint at possible Arafat poisoning: Nine-month investigation discovers rare, radioactive polonium on ex-Palestinian leaders final belongings.
Chinese city cancels copper plant project after protests:  Construction of multimillion-pound copper alloy plant axed after anti-pollution protests in Shifang, south-west China
Officials in Kenya say that two Iranian agents arrested with explosives planned to attack Israeli, American, British or Saudi Arabian targets inside Kenya.
BBC News - French police search Nicolas Sarkozy home and office
Nigeria signs $4.5bn oil refining deal with Vulcan
Russian Visit Irks Japan - Prime Minister Medvedev angered Japan by visiting the disputed Kuril Islands.  Tokyo wants the return of the islands, seized by Soviets in 1945.  Japan calls the islands its Northern Territories, &amp; says his visit is extremely regrettable.
Syrias network of torture chambers. According to Human Rights Watch, Syria has been torturing its citizens on a massive scale, with 25,000 people in a network of 27 detention centers where beatings and electrocutions are common.
Pakistan to re-open supply lines to Nato Afghan 
forces
So thirsty he called police: Coroner slams hospital staff who refused dying patients desperate pleas for water
Head of womens affairs in Afghanistan killed by car bomb in latest act of violence against women
Too big to fail - too lofty to learn? - With investigators zeroing in on over a dozen big banks in the Libor rate rigging scandal, the timing couldnt be better for a structural overhaul of Europes banking sector. Not so fast, says the banking lobby. 
China blocks searches of the word truth
A Quiet Revolution: Drug Decriminalisation Policies in Practice Across the Globe - Evidence from 23 countries shows decriminalizing drugs doesnt increase use
Indian Government Spends $1.3 Million To Stop Auction Of Gandhi Letters That May Show He Was Gay
Pair disembowelled child rapist in UK Prison
India refuses to hike cancer drug price
Germany tells Jews, Muslims they will be free to circumcise
London Olympics Bans Non-McDonalds Fries
Iranian father arrested for sons facebook page activity while at school in the Netherlands
Business Insider: Iceland hires ex-cop to hunt down financiers which wrecked its economy
Ethnic Cleansing in Myanmar
Merkel backs circumcision after German court calls it illegal and states, it is a right
China airline thanks passengers for foiling hijack
Syrian troops using tanks and helicopters have massacred more than 200 people in the central province of Hama: The mosque was shelled, it collapsed, and that killed the people in it.
The United States today hit Iran with a raft of economic restrictions, reported the Associated Press, a move that comes within weeks of a July 1 European Union oil embargo on Islamic Republic.
Britain embarrassed by Olympics security shortfall:  Britain could be forced to deploy thousands of extra troops in London during the Olympics, after a last-minute security blunder dealt an embarrassing blow to the government just two weeks before the Games.
Israeli soldiers have once again crossed into Lebanon in clear violation of the countrys sovereignty and a UN Security Council resolution
International Survey - Crisis Batters Global Faith in Capitalism
Saudi Arabia Will Send Two Women to the Olympics.
Mexico runner-up files legal challenge:  Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, who finished second in July 1 vote, accuses the winner of breaking campaign finance laws.
Tibetan monk beaten to death by Chinese officials
German Circumcision Ban: Is it a parents right to choose?
MI6 chief: Iran 2 years from nuclear bomb. 
The Average Canadian is Now Richer than the Average American
Canadians favor decriminalizing marijuana
TSA agents to staff UK airports during Olympics
HSBC allowed Mexican drug cartels to launder billions of dollars through its US operations as well as providing money and banking services to some banks in Saudi Arabia and Bangladesh believed to have helped fund al-Qaeda and other terrorist groups.
Ten Years After Decriminalization, Drug Abuse Down by Half in Portugal
New Zealand Parents deny daughter life-saving transplant: girl suffering a rare kidney disease has been put into the guardianship of the High Court because her Jehovahs Witness parents will not consent to her receiving a life-saving kidney and liver transplant
French seek arrest of 97 years old Nazi in Hungary for his role in the deportation of 15,700 Jews to Auschwitz.
US warship fired on a boat after it ignored warnings off the coast of the United Arab Emirates
In March, 24-year-old Yorkshireman David Simpson stumbled across the mutilated bodies of 13 men in an African forest. He is now in jail charged with their murder...
Needles found in sandwiches on 4 U.S.-bound Delta flights that left Sunday from Amsterdam, injuring one passenger.
Disney heir divests from Israeli cosmetics company Ahava because it operates in the occupied Palestinian territories.
Syria now officially in a state of civil war, according to the Red Cross.  This means that the Geneva Conventions (and prosecution of war crimes) now applies.
Blair-Bush Iraq war transcript may be suppressed
Israel Begins Rounding Up and Interning Africans - Africanglobe
Beaten, stripped and burned with cigarettes for 45 minutes: Horrific video of attack on young woman by mob of 20 men in India sparks outrage after it was posted on YouTube
500 dead penguins wash up along Brazils beaches
Oil Companies Spring a Leak, Courtesy of 
Anonymous | Threat Level | Wired.com
Egypts new president considers lifting the blockade on Gaza.
Israeli ignites protests with self-immolation - Features - Al Jazeera English
Man Who Bit Into Needle Found in Sandwiches on Delta Flight Put on Anti-HIV Medication - ABC News
150m skyscraper ablaze as fire tears through Polat Tower in Istanbul: A large blaze has broken out in a 42-story tower block in the center of the Turkish city of Istanbul
South Africa says 281 of the countrys endangered rhinoceros have been killed by poachers in the first six months of the year.
A pervasively polluted culture allowed HSBC to faciliate clients involved in money laundering
Kadima quits Israel government over conscription law -   Israels Kadima party has left Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus government in a dispute over military conscription for ultra-Orthodox Jews.
Gaza Christians protest forcible conversions - Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper
Girls denied cervical cancer jab - Some schools in England have opted out of the HPV vaccination programme because their pupils follow strict Christian principles and do not practise sex outside marriage.
WikiLeaks Reopens Channel For Credit Card Donations, Dares Visa And MasterCard To Block Them Again | Forbes
Anti-piracy group fined...for stealing music.
Syrian Defense Minister confirmed killed in Damascus blast.
Blast hits Israeli tour bus in Bulgaria
BBC banned from airing London Riots Docudrama 
Megaupload judge quits case after US is enemy comment
Denmark is trying to encourage bicycle commuting to Copenhagen by promoting so-called cycle superhighways
China airline crew rewarded with cars and cash for foiling hijack: Hainan Airlines Group gave nine crew members Audi cars, cash and property
Court demands secret files on US black jails
Several killed, wounded in terror attack against Israelis in Bulgaria
Two-thirds of Spaniards aged below 30 still live at home with their parents
Wounded Indian fisherman: US Navy vessel gave no warning before firing
Average Chinese persons carbon footprint now equals Europeans:  The per capita emissions of the worlds largest national emitter is almost on a par with the European average, new figures show
 
Millions of savers being misled by City fund managers about hidden fees that can almost halve the value of their pensions, year-long study finds
The judge overseeing the Kim Dotcom extradition case has stepped down after making comments suggesting the United States was the enemy
Kim Jong Uns government begins to ease persecution of criminals extended families. 
Taliban bomb destroys 22 NATO supply trucks in Afghan north
Indian doctors illegally removed wombs from poor women in order to claim money from a national insurance scheme, the states health minister said on Wednesday.
Court ruling preventing BBC docu-drama on London riots being aired to be challenged.
Northern Mali has become a magnet for Islamic extremists who have imposed a strict form of justice that is prompting tens of thousands of people to flee what some are likening to an African Afghanistan
Bank of England votes 7-2 to print money - Policymakers meanwhile voted unanimously to keep the BoEs main interest rate at a record low 0.50%, where it has stood for over 3 years.
A Tanzanian ferry carrying at least 250 people has sunk near the island of Zanzibar.
Disillusioned German Islamists Returning Home to Germany
Reactor building of Shika nuclear plant in Ishikawa might sit on an active fault
Drug decriminalization in Portugal decreases number of addicts
96,000 pounds of Silver, possibly the largest discovery in history, was found in the North Atlantic.
Canadian Mining Company Destroys Panama rainforest, destroys local peoples livelihood
Married Olympic couple cant room together, claim discrimination for being a heterosexual couple.
Infant buried alive minutes after birth.  Father It was my will because she was my child and every person has the right to do anything with their children
Shell could face huge fine for Nigeria spill:  Nigerian agency tells parliament oil giant should pay $5bn for environmental damage caused by offshore leak last year.
Canada B.C. launches massive new program to wipe out HIV/AIDS by testing everyone in the province who has ever been sexually active using an HIV antibody test that produces results in about 30 seconds
Rupert Murdoch faces shareholder revolt at News Corporation AGM
Aust Government to force citizens to hand over internet passwords - sending you to jail if you refuse.
A top Muslim cleric in Russias Tatarstan province was shot dead Thursday and another was wounded by a car bomb, attacks that the provinces leader and local religious authorities said were probably related to the priests criticism of radical Islamists.
Beyond Foxconn: More Dirt on the Factories Making Your iPhone - Troubling new findings cast doubt on Apples highly publicized promise to improve  conditions in its overseas factories. Using surveys, onsite visits, undercover investigations, &amp; face-to-face interviews, 10 factories were evaluated.
French rightwing lawmakers raised their eyebrows and hooted as minister of territories and housing, Ccile Duflot, took to the podium because she was wearing a floral dress.
UK Border Agency Staff To Go On Strike One Day Before The Olympics
Russia, China veto western-backed Syria resolution at UN Security Council
Russias Moderate Muslim leaders attacked in Tatarstan
Ian Tomlinson death: PC not guilty
Mexico Admits to 67 Journalists Murdered Since 2006 - Press advocates have long called Mexico one of the most dangerous nations for journalists. But there is little agreement about the numbers killed.
As China Squeezes Nepal, Tibetan Escape Route Narrows: Tibetans seeking to flee Chinese rule are finding their traditional passage of escape  via the Himalayan nation of Nepal  far more fraught and difficult than before 
Mexican Teens brothel escape triggers clampdown...
No sign of Assad after bomb kills kin, rebels close in - Reuters
This Is Not A Composite Photo - site of an aluminum oxide plant burst in Hungary
Syrian rebels now control all border post between Syria and Iraq
Young gorillas seen dismantling poachers traps
Hong Kong Imported 10 Million Kilograms of Shark Fins Last Year | Extinction Countdown, Scientific American Blog Network
Australian Government Moves to Expand Surveillance Powers: AG Roxon calls for making it easier for law enforcement and intelligence agencies to spy on Twitter and Facebook users... likely be achieved by compelling companies to create backdoors to enable surveillance.
Gorillas Seen Destroying and Dismantling  Poachers Snares In Rwanda 
BBC News - Gay marriage to be introduced in Scotland
A Mexican official says the CIA and other international security forces dont fight drug traffickers as much as try to manage the drug trade - Its like pest control companies, if you finish off the pests, you are out of a job. If they finish the drug business, they finish their jobs.
Six women rape man to death
The world is closer to a food crisis than most realize
11 year old sneaks on to flight , ends up in italy
Kim Jong Un gets married.
Street Art banned in London ahead of Olympics, Artists banned from going within a mile of any venue.
Gun control debate about to go international.  The first draft of a new U.N. treaty to regulate the multibillion dollar global arms trade has sparked criticism
Burmas monks call for Muslim community to be shunned - the Rohingya - one of the worlds most oppressed groups
Julian Assange defence to be led by Spanish jurist Baltasar Garzn, renowned human rights investigator who indicted Augusto Pinochet
Wikileaks says famous Spanish judge Baltasar Garzon, best known for indicting former Chilean dictator Augusto Pinochet in 1998, to lead Assange legal team
20% of all Spanish Homes Currently Sit Empty
Why is India so bad for women?
The US Central Intelligence Agency and other international security forces dont fight drug traffickers, a spokesman for the Chihuahua state government in northern Mexico has told Al Jazeera, instead they try to manage the drug trade
Sanford I. Weill former Citigroup chief who helped to destroy what remained of the wall between commercial and investment banking is effectively advocating its return.
The First Person in the World to be Cured of HIV....
Beijing flooded and coated in mud, and the government doesnt want to talk about it
700m smuggling tunnel found between Ukraine and EU
Turkey sealed its border with Syria to all traffic except refugees on Wednesday, citing worsening security conditions following escalating skirmishes close to the frontier which last week saw rebel fighters capture at least two crossing points.
Tony Blair denies praying with George Bush
Archaeologists have unearthed a skeleton believed to be the body of Lisa Gherardini, the Florentine noblewoman widely believed to have served as the muse for Leonardo da Vincis Mona Lisa
Indonesias condom campaign to fight Aids criticised by religious groups:  Approach to preventing HIV and Aids draws accusations from conservative Muslims that government is promoting promiscuity
Canadian spy sold Australian intel to Russia:  Australian and Canadian officials are reportedly in discussions about a spy who allegedly passed information from Australia and the US to a foreign power.
Denied visa by US to attend an International AIDS conference, sex workers hold parallel conference  in Kolkata
French President Francois Hollande has called for a 75 percent income tax on top earners in France to help lower the countrys deficit
Hugo Chvez tells Venezuelans to drink juice not Coke: urges people to buy state-made Uvita to boost consumption of homegrown products and reduce imports
China arrests thousands in latest internet crime crackdown - More than 10,000 suspects have been arrested and 600 criminal gangs busted, 3.2 million harmful messages deleted, and 30 internet service providers punished for granting access to unlicensed sites
Ill legalise gay marriage by 2015, vows Britains PM
German U-boat may be at the bottom of a Canadian river, far from the ocean
Chinese maker of U.S. Olympic uniforms baffled by backlash
Turkey cuts off trade with Syria  
The New Zealand parliament will vote to legalise gay marriage
Ecuador seeks to stop evil of Julian Assange US extradition
Banksys commentary on the Olympic Games might be destroyed
War voyeurs: Israeli tourists watch Syria battles from safe distance. Armed with binoculars and cameras, tourists in Israel are flocking to the Golan Heights in the hope of seeing the bloody conflict in neighboring Syria, sparking a trend among tour operators
North Korean Olympic footballers walk off the pitch as South Korean flag mistakenly displayed
Unspinning The Narrative Of A Syrian Massacre - 
At least 100 people were killed in the village of Tremseh earlier this month. Activists called it a massacre of innocent civilians by government forces, but later reports suggest something different. Heres some untold details about the killing.
Bo Xilais Wife Charged With Murder - 
Gu Kailai, wife of disgraced Chinese political leader, has been charged with murder of British businessman Neil Heywood, who was found dead in a hotel in Chongqing in November.
BBA warned weekly about Libor says former rate-compiler -  British Bankers Association was given weekly warnings in 2008 that the process of setting the Libor interest rates was being distorted.  The BBA denies these amounted to warnings of wrong-doing.
Iran accuses Israel of plotting Bulgaria bus attack: Irans U.N. envoy accused Israel of plotting and carrying out a suicide bomb attack on a bus in Bulgaria a week ago in which five Israeli tourists were killed
Indias Bans Tiger Tourism - Its banned across the country in aim  to protect the endangered cats. India is home to over 1/2 the worlds 3,200 tigers, most of in reserves. Ban is temporary pending decision on some states that allowed hotels, resorts &amp; shops in the core of the reserves.
HSBC fined $27.5m for money laundering
German U-Boat wreck found 100 km inland.
Taiwans national flag was taken down from Regent Street 3 days before the Olympics but no explanation was given. 
Whole Afghan family works in brick factory to pay off crushing healthcare debt of $900
UK in longest double-dip recession in 50 years: UK economy contracts by a shock 0.7pc
Horrific death of boy, 12, drowned in boiling water after robbers raped and killed his mother 
Sea Shepherd founder Paul Watson warrant issued, leaves Germany; destination unknown
UK border officers let known drug smugglers through as they are overwhelmed with tourists arriving for the Olympics. 
Cuban president Ral Castro willing to hold no-limits talks with America
Sweden officially registers Kopimism a religion  whose central dogma is that file sharing is sacred.
Police made up evidence against Muslim student
Disfigured victims plea to die exposes Indias acid violence
Mitt Romney does the impossible: Gets Brits to stop moaning and start cheering about Olympics
Kim Jong-un Has Actually Been Married for Three Years 
UK Prime minister Cameron soon rebuked Romney. We are holding an Olympic Games in one of the busiest, most active, bustling cities anywhere in the world. Of course, its easier if you hold an Olympic Games in the middle of nowhere, he said.
Population of Jewish settlements in West Bank up 15,000 in a year
Bhopal victims stage own Olympics to protest Dow sponsorship: Dozens of disabled kids aged 5 to 16 have participated in 10 sports. Survivors of 1984 Bhopal disaster, one of worlds worst-ever industrial catastrophes, held their own Games to protest against London Olympics sponsored by Dow Chemical
Husband tortured, wife gang-raped, son drowned in boiling water and pet dog gutted in murder of family that shocked even South Africa.  
Twitter joke trial: UK man wins airport bomb threat court battle. Paul Chambers, found guilty of sending a menacing tweet threatening to blow up Robin Hood Airport in S.Yorkshire, has won an appeal in Britains High Court
Since 1975 the countries now in the euro zone have given birth to just one company currently among the worlds 500 biggest (ironically it is from Spain: Inditex); by contrast California alone has created 26.
Mass arrests as London police attack Critical Mass cycle ride during Olympic ceremony
Chinese farmer travels from China to London, in a rickshaw, to attend the Olympic games. A 2 years epic journey.
Russia seeks to set up naval bases abroad:  Naval chief confirms talks with Cuba, Vietnam and the Seychelles about setting up overseas facilities for Russian ships
Narconomics | The Economist
Add faith in the work ethic and in capitalism to the lengthening list of casualties from the Great Recession. Four years after Lehman Brothers fiasco, a new Pew survey finds citizens around the world less and less likely to believe that effort in a competitive economy can lead to success.
Spanish Fishermen Receive Some of Biggest Fines in UK Maritime History - 
Details emerged of falsified log books, false readings given for weighing fish at sea, and fiddling of fishing quota
David Hicks, an Australian that spent five years in Guantanamo Bay, is now free to keep all profits from his memoir, as the Commonwealth has dropped its attempt to seize the proceeds under the proceeds of crime law.
 India bans Iran oil ships from its waters
 The United States will face a teeth-breaking response if it continues to carry out cyber attacks against Iran, an Iranian official said on Wednesday.
Republican dissidents join forces to form a new IRA
The pointless building projects that dragged Spain into the red
Aeromexico places $11 billion order with Boeing
| Reuters
BBC News - Chilean Senator Fulvio Rossis confession heats debate on legalising marijuana, that he partakes on occasion
In China, the rich and powerful can hire body doubles to do their prison time for them.
Woman turned to police to investigate claims of official involvement in trafficking in human beings and subsequently sent to jail for trying to expose corruption involving public officials
French President Francois Hollande has made good on a campaign pledge to make the wealthiest in France pay up to 75 percent income tax. 
All 330 US drone attacks in Pakistan mapped with details of the 3,247 casualties
 Donald Trump destroys Scotland - Greed and arrogance win when the mogul decides to build a golf course in an environmentally pristine location 
 Sweden says ambassador to Belarus expelled for being too supportive of human rights.
Israel helps India clean up the Ganges river | Environment
More than 1,000 march in Jerusalems 10th Gay Pride Parade
British ships banned from docking in Buenos Aires: Ships flying the British ensign have been banned from docking in Argentinas largest province under a new law passed yesterday. 
For the first time since 1998 more money leaves China than enters it, as it incurs its first Balance of Payments deficit
Mortar shells kill 20 Palestinians
Satellite imagery show rate of deforestation of the Amazon is at record low
Japan Upper House passes ACTA almost unanimously [link to House of Councillors vote tally]
China Steps Up Curbs on Muslims: Authorities in Xinjiang ban public religious activities during the holy month of Ramadan.
Three Strikes Anti-Piracy Budget Too Expensive To Justify Says French Culture Minister: ...Internet disconnections are a disproportionate way to deal with infringement.
British ambassador to Israel: Israel losing international support due to settlement expansion and lack of peace process
Chinese teen kills nine in knife attack: reports
Kim tells China that his priority is to develop the decaying economy and improve living standards in North Korea
Mexican farmers fear losing traditions, livelihood as Monsanto wins GMO planting rights in Mexicos Yucatan Peninsula: The move by Monsanto, farmers say, continues a corporate agenda made possible through the 1994 North American Free Trade Agreement. 
Femen stage topless anti-Islamist Olympic protest in London: Members of Ukrainian female protest group Femen demonstrate in London to draw attention to what they call bloody Islamist regimes taking part in the Olympics.
Moscow sending 3 large navy ships with marines aboard to a Russian naval facility in the Syrian port of Tartus
Lebanese marijuana growers fight security forces, two hurt
Putin requests leniency for Pussy Riot punks -  Three female members of the Russian punk band Pussy Riot, who are facing trial and jail terms of up to seven years for performing a protest inside Moscows main cathedral, should not be judged so harshly, President Vladimir Putin said Thursday. 
HSBC To Pay More Than $2 Billion In Penalties: CEO said revelations of lax anti-money laundering controls had been shameful and embarrassing for Europes biggest bank
Brazil court orders Chevron to stop drilling:  Chevron and Transocean given 30 days to suspend drilling pending probes into two oil spills off coast of Rio de Janeiro.
NASAs Curiosity rover has successfully landed on Mars! The first pictures are expected shortly. (Guardian liveblog)
Pakistani wife in disputed marriage gunned down in court by her brother The latest honour killing in Hyderabad has shocked people because the family is middle class and it happened in open court
Banks In Libor Inquiry Are Said To Be Trying To Spread Blame: Major banks, which often band together when facing government scrutiny, are now turning on one another as an international investigation into the manipulation of interest rates gains momentum.
News coming out of Ukraine following a massive DDoS attack Demonoid has now been busted by local authorities  a source in the countrys Interior Ministry says that the action was scheduled to coincide with Deputy Prime Minister Valery Khoroshkovskys trip to the United States
Syrian Prime Minister Defects to Jordan
Japanese launch 4.5-tonne gun-toting robot controlled by smartphone
Safe sex? Indonesia would rather its sex workers got Aids. Religious intolerance is undermining the fight against Asias fastest-growing HIV epidemic
MPAA Recruits Surrogates to Support Extradition of UK Student: ...MPAA experiencing problems finding allies to support the extradition of UK student Richard ODwyer - it is recruiting third party surrogates to write op-eds and blog posts which back their position.
Drilling discovers ancient Antarctic rainforest 
Turkish troops kill 115 Kurdish rebels as offensive blocks escape routes to Iraq
Wealthy elite are worried about their Cayman Islands tax haven.
A group of Upper Egypt children hold an impromptu protest march carrying signs saying that they had lights while President Morsi was visiting their village, but it was cut off once he left
Physician calls for an end to bikini waxing
Couple jailed for racist attack on daughter, 17
Zambian miners kill Chinese supervisor and injure another in pay dispute:  Workers angry over mining companys failure to raise wages in line with a directive from the Lusaka government
Armed militants attack Egyptian army outpost, try to infiltrate Israel border
Rebirth of the Wolf Has French Greens at Each Others Throats -  Battle ignites as wolves encroach on sheep-farming land. Wolves are being seen this summer for 1st time since the 1920s.  Jos Bov, sheep farmer-turned-environmental campaigner, is calling for the them to be shot.
In Somali capital, a year without Islamist militia:  
One year after the forced departure of Islamist militia Al Shabab, Mogadishu is rebuilding and prospering. But residents worry the group may return.
Syria Prime Minister Riad Hijab defects to Jordan
Chinese police arrested 137 people, among them doctors, suspected of trafficking human organs in a nationwide crime ring that profited from the huge demand for transplants, authorities said.
Bootleg chicken sold for record prices in Iran
Syria rebels admit kidnapping 48 Iranians in Damascus
Saying Mali Is Our Country, Militias Train to Oust Islamists. The youngsters have something the regular Malian Army here appears to lack: a fierce will to undo the jihadist conquest of northern Mali
German Minister Warns Foreign Policy Debate Taking Very Dangerous Tone -  His comment came after Italian Premier Monti warned of tensions that bear the traits of a psychological dissolution of Europe, &amp; a German  official said Greece must leave the euro. 
Unknown assailants lay siege to a Red Cross residential building in Misrata, Libya - prompting the agency to withdraw staff from two cities
In worlds 1st commercial deep-sea mining project, Canadian firm will mine for gold &amp; copper in Papua New Guineas seabed,  despite vehement objections over threat to marine life -  Nautilus Minerals has been granted a 20-yr license 
Honour killing evolves: Punjab girl hires contract killers to eliminate parents for opposing her marriage
Chinese mother rescues 11 year-old daughter from brothel; sentenced to labor camp for protesting lenient punishment of the men
New Zealand volcano erupts
Bodyguard fears Assange may face death
Kim Dotcom accuses New Zealand police of beating him during arrest. 
Three female members of Pussy Riot, a Russian punk band, face prison on hooliganism charges. Band members husband gives his diary account of five extraordinary days in a Moscow court
Leaked MPAA memo shows that how they plan to deal with TV Shack and the extradition of Richard ODwyer
The first known Gay Wedding was conducted in Muslim-majority Malaysia and where sodomy is outlawed, risking the ire of the government who has all but declared war on homosexuality
Demonoid Operators Face Criminal Investigation in Mexico: In Mexico a criminal case against the owners of Demonoid has been initiated and the tracker is charged with intellectual property rights violations
British army considering switching to the same environmentally friendly, green bullets used by Scandinavian armies.
Egypts Muslim Brotherhood blames Sinai attack on Mossad
British Bank Accused of Hiding About 250 Billion Dollars of Transactions With Iranians
Londoner against Londoner: UK fighters held journalist captive in Syria | The two men were immediately seized by around 30 fighters when they entered the camp, which they had thought belonged to the Free Syrian Army. The journalists soon realized none of the fighters was Syrian.
11-year-old girl married to 40-year-old man
UK court jails parents for life over honor killing of teen daughter
An unmanned Russian rocket and its payload of two communications satellites has failed to reach orbit, the latest in a series of failures that has dogged Moscows space programme.
London Olympics: Cameroon athletes abscond
French Catholic Church to pray against upcoming gay marriage law
Monsoon rains swamp Philippine capital, markets shut 
Saying Mali Is Our Country, Militias Train to Oust Islamists
Iranian Chief of Staff: Turkey is next after Syria
French air force chief named NATO supreme commander
Russia: Suicide Bombers Strike at Military Unit in Chechnya
Conservative German Party asks for equal taxation for married gay couples
Thousands of UK Workers Blacklisted Over Political Views. Corporations in the UK used a secret blacklisting database to screen out left wing trouble-makers and union sympathizers as potential job recruits.
Ireland abandoning religion faster than almost every other country
Pharma giant Pfizer fined for bribing officials in Eastern Europe and China | The Raw Story
US starts landmark Agent Orange cleanup in Vietnam
Interpol issues arrest warrant for Sea Shepherd chief
MEXICO CITY (AP) - Mexican archaeologists say they have found an unprecedented human burial in which the skeleton of a young woman is surrounded by piles of 1,789 human bones in Mexico Citys Templo Mayor
A business in Wales is bussing in inmates from an open prison 21 miles away and paying them just 3 a day to man its call centre
In Scotland, humanist weddings are overtaking religious ones; if current trends continue, there will be more humanist wedding celebrations than Church of Scotland marriages in three years time
Critically endangered grey nurse shark washes ashore after her fins were slashed off - An investigation is under way on the NSW coast. The shark was still alive when it was found on the beach &amp; suffered a slow, cruel death.  Price for fins is soaring.
Iran vows it will not allow Assad to fall
Egypt admits it ignored Israeli warnings of attack -- Intelligence chief says no action taken because they didnt believe a Muslim would kill another Muslim during break fast
Like a water world - The Philippines is drowning 
BBC News - In pictures: Rare snow in Johannesburg
Outraged Lebanese demand end to anal exams on gay men
South Korea to restart Iranian oil imports. Refiners say Tehran has offered to pay $1bn insurance.
Corporations in the UK who used a secret blacklisting database to screen out left wing trouble-makers and union sympathizers as potential job recruits are facing renewed scrutiny after the UK-activist group Liberty called for a fresh investigation
Egypt army kills 20 militants in Sinai says offical
Why India Shouldnt Criticize U.S. on Sikh Shooting: Indian politicians condemning America for gun violence against its Sikh population forget Indias own past.
How Latin America is reinventing the war on drugs
Russian general denies reports he was killed by FSA - Israel News, Ynetnews
Nigerian Oil Still Poisons The Landscape After 
Promised Clean-Up
Iran backs Assad in Syria crisis and blames warmongering US
New fossil skull from Africa reveals tangled roots at base of the human family tree
Syria launches ground assault in Aleppo
Egypt launches Sinai air strikes: Military officials say helicopters fired missiles and killed 20 terrorists after latest attacks on security checkpoints
The Libor scandal is the largest financial scandal of all-time, but receiving almost no TV coverage. Here is a complete package of news articles on the matter. 
Commerzbank stops speculating on basic food prices: Germanys second-biggest lender, Commerzbank, says it will no longer participate in market speculation on basic food prices. The bank says it has removed all agricultural products from its funds for moral reasons.
Virgin Australia review after pedophile complaint: A NSW firefighter felt ashamed when a flight attendant asked him to move seats because men are banned from sitting next to unaccompanied children
Yemen officials seize 40 belts packed with explosives and thwart an al Qaeda cell plot.
JPMorgan Chase Libor Subpoenas Coming From Everybody In The World 
Drunk Norwegian tourist falls asleep on airport baggage belt, travels for 15 minutes before being spotted on X-ray scan
UN demands US biofuel suspension - BBC
World over-using underground water reserves for agriculture
France expels first Roma under Hollande: Continuing a practice that had been criticized when Nicolas Sarkozy was president, France has dismantled two camps of Roma in Lille. Its the first raid on a camp since Francois Hollande took office in May. 
Saudi will fire at Israeli jets in Iran attack
Japans Demographic Nightmare: If trends continue, Japans population will be cut in half by the end of the century. 
FBI Monitored Dotcom Raid Via Live Video Link, Secret Govt Group Involved: Under questioning from a defense lawyer, a senior police officer has admitted that top New Zealand officers and members of the FBI watched the raid live via video link.
Undersea volcano nearby New Zealand creates 25,000sq km pumice island, now floating in the south pacific.
Pussy Riot: Russias deputy prime minister calls Madonna a whore | GlobalPost
Church prayer angers French gay rights groups:   A tradition will be revived in France next week when a Prayer for France will be read out at Catholic churches across the country. The text, which attacks the governments plan to legalise same-sex marriage, has angered Frances gay rights groups. 
At least 70 journalists around the world have been killed in the last six months, making it one of the most deadliest years ever for the media.
The far right in Europe is rising in many European countries in spite of its inability to provide a coherent economic message
Dozens dead in attacks in Acapulco, San Luis Potosi, Mexico City - latimes.com
Hard landing for China as factory prices fall and deflation looms
Facebook should help pay for illegal parties according to German state interior ministers
Islamists in Northern Mali Amputate Mans Hand - NYTimes.com
At Afghan orphanage, friends from different sides of the war:In Kandahar, where vengeance and pride so often dictate action, two boys might have been expected to inherit their fathers allegiances. Instead, they started fresh, embracing each other.
After 40 Years, U.S. to Clean Up Agent Orange in Vietnam.
Nepal Bans Young Women From Seeking Work In Middle East Over Exploitation Fears - Indonesia, Sri Lanka and the African nation of Kenya have also implemented or proposed similar bans on women going to the Middle East to work.
Sinai: Egypt tribes back offensive against militants
Canadians ridicule unarmed American Tourists fears
Dotcom accused of assault - with his stomach
Venezuela is training a guerrilla army aiming to be a million strong by 2013 to fight off a possible US invasion
Riots in the North of France
Popes butler to face criminal charges after leaking hundreds of secret documents from the Popes apartment in an attempt to reveal corruption.
Deep magnitude 7.7 quake off coast of Russia, north of Japan 
Women Challenge Islamists Over Equality - They dont want complementarity rather than equality of the sexes &amp; see the groundbreaking Personal Status Code of 1956 in jeopardy.  Thousands of Tunisians protested in the capital for womens rights as the Islamist-led govt faces rising dissent. 
Indian police arrest famed TV yoga guru and anti-corruption campaigner as he attempts to lead a procession of thousands of supporters to parliament.
Magnitude 7.3 Earthquake in the Sea of Okhotsk, Russia
Israeli Sniper Gets Only 45 Days for Killing of Two Women under White Flags: Israeli human rights group BTselem points out, the deal does not recognize guilt for the killing of Majedah and Rayah Abu Hajaj, but rather punishes the soldier for the killing of an unidentified individual.
Pakistani wife in disputed marriage gunned down in court by her brother
Iran says Israel wont attack
 European Bankers Destroying European Democracy - The cause of necessary economic reforms has not been served by confounding that necessity with the policy of austerity 
 Revealed: Life behind the scenes at the secretive Bilderberg conference
Punk Bands Moscow Trial Offers Platform For Orthodox Protesters: Were going to rip them [a Pussy Riot poster and a Madonna poster] up and burn them, said Leonid Simonovich-Nikshich, the white-bearded leader of one group, the Union of Orthodox Banner Bearers. Like in the Middle Ages.
Proceso Magazine: US Navy SEALs to Hunt Mexican Cartel Kingpin
Severe abnormalities found in Fukushima Butterflies
Malaysian internet users stage an online protest against law that threatens free speech online
Poland Peels Back Layers On Secret CIA Prison For Suspected Terrorists
4 Congo Olympic delegation members missing
India witnesses 56 per cent drop in HIV cases - IBNLive
NATO official: Soon, Israel wont have unanimous support for Iran strike
Japans poverty gap has politicians calling for rise in minimum wage - 
Its only over the past decade that poverty has come to be recognized in Japan. Prior to that, the govt didnt even compile statistics on income inequality.
Ecuador to make Assange asylum bid decision this week
Saudi king sends 32m to embattled Burma Muslims
Ecuador to Let Julian Assange Stay in Its Embassy.
Ecuador says Britain threatened to raid embassy to extract Julian Assange
Gunmen Have Attacked And Entered A Pakistani Air Force Base Thought To House Nuclear Weapons
At least 18 killed as South African police open fire on 3,000 striking miners (PHOTOS)
Julian Assange: UK issues threat to arrest Wikileaks founder
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange faces arrest even if Ecuador grants asylum
Kim Dotcoms extradition uncertain.  FBI now has to prove it actually has a case.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange granted asylum by Ecuador
Israel ready for short Iran war
Ecuador says it received threats from UK as Assange decision looms
Today we have received from the United Kingdom an explicit threat in writing that they could assault our embassy in London if Ecuador does not hand over Julian Assange, Mr. Patio said at a news conference in Quito, adding defiantly, We are not a British colony.
TrapWire tied to White House, Scotland Yard, M15 and others, claims hacked Stratfor email
Over a dozen African athletes missing in London
Germany Gives Up on Greece. Suggests Bankruptcy Is Only Option.
Ecuador grants asylum to WikiLeaks Assange
Massive Sacrifice of Ancient Warrior Army Discovered at Danish Alken Enge Bog - Its believed a dramatic, society-changing event caused the mass sacrifice of a large army at the site.  Who they were, where theyre from, &amp; why they were sacrificed is a mystery.
Only 2% of Canadians deny climate change, suggests poll
Britain, in order to apprehend WikiLeaks Julian Assange, threatens to revoke the Ecuadoran embassys diplomatic status
Australia upholds tobacco branding ban: High Court ruling will force tobacco companies to sell cigarettes in plain packaging.
Families of Irans slain nuclear scientists have filed a lawsuit against Israel, the United States and Britain accusing them of involvement in the assassination of their loved ones
Harry Harrison, creator of Deathworld, Stainless 
Steel Rat and many other sci-fi books, dies at 87
Ecuador grants asylum to Assange and condemns condemns Britains threatening and intimidating language
Syrian conflict spills into Lebanon
U.K. cops hunting for Assange show up at Ecuadors embassy
Libor scandal: Seven banks summoned in US probe
Pussy Riot found GUILTY
A Former CIA man on the UK threat to go into the Ecuador embassy and arrest Assange: This was unheard of even during ... the Cold War. If someone sought refuge in the US Embassy in Moscow or the Soviet Embassy in the United States ... international law was always honored. This is unprecedented.
Anonymous calls for shut-down of TrapWire to start this Saturday
Moscow bans gay pride marches for the next century
German TV crew attacked while filming at Chinese factory - angry workers shouted kill the foreign spies
Norways police chief resigned on Thursday, days after an independent commission found that police could have prevented all or part of a bombing and shooting spree by far-right militant Anders Behring Breivik that killed 77 people.
Irans President Ahmadinejad calls Israels existence insult to all humanity
What the world thinks: Should drugs like cocaine and heroin be legalised? | The Economist
Syria rebels warn they will turn to Al-Qaeda if West fails them
Anti-Leaks is DDOSing RT.com
WikiLeaks siege fiasco: 40 cops and 50,000 pounds a day
Scientology Detox Programs: expensive &amp;  unproven - 
There is no evidence Scientologys Purif and Narconon detox work &amp; the megadoses of vitamins involved may harm health
No one else will protect Assange, so Ecuador will - The Drum Opinion (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
Half of Scotlands drug deaths caused by prescribed heroin substitute, more than heroin itself...
Mexicos big oil problem: Crude production by Mexico, the third largest supplier of oil to the U.S., is falling fast.
As Ecuador Grants Assange Asylum, Former UK Ambassador Says Embassy Raid Is Coming After Enormous Pressure from the Obama Administration
Air France asks passengers for refuel cash at Damascus stop
| Reuters
Pussy Riot guilty of hooliganism 
Fraser Institute co-founder confirms years and years of U.S. oil billionaires funding
Jewish extremists believed behind attack that hurts 6 Palestinians in W. Bank; Netanyahu to Abbas: Jerusalem not taking incident lightly.
Russian Embassy in London attacked
Chilean students arrested in Santiago schools - There were violent clashes as police moved in &amp; arrested 139 people, mostly teenage students, who were occupying 3 schools in the capital.  Students have held months of mass protests demanding free, high-quality public education for all.
Entire book (53,000 words, 11 images and a computer program) encoded on to DNA
Assanges flight from Sweden, a decent democracy, into the arms of Ecuadors megalomanic president is incomprehensible The Guardian
Germany Debates Plan to Pay Stay-at-Home Moms
Anders Brevik sentenced to 21 years...
As she nears death, Chinese hail woman who saved 30 babies from trash 
US should hand over footage of drone strikes or face UN inquiry - America is facing mounting global pressure over its use of UAVs ... [the issue] will remain at the top of the UN political agenda until some consensus and transparency has been achieved.
Icelands recovery continues, declared impressive
Palestinians design solar car not to buy petrol from Israel: We want to lower as much as possible our dependence on Israel, because we wont be able to reach a reasonable level of national security if Israel can, at any point, disconnect our electricity, and even harm the power plant in Gaza
The IMF: Iceland Was Right, We Were Wrong
Pub owner in Copenhagen refuses to pay protection money to local gang, goes public about the repercussions that ensued and gets overwhelming support from the community (More details in comments)
BBC removes Syrian opposition war crime video
The Swedish media war on Assange  Australian 
pig, retard, white-haired crackpot, scumbag - 
Fria Tider
Christian boy tortured and killed in Pakistan: The tortured body of an 11 year old Christian boy has been found in a town in Punjab, Pakistan, days after a young Christian girl was arrested on blasphemy charges
Palestinian man repeatedly tasered by Israeli police in front of his children Israel News | Haaretz Daily Newspaper
Gangnam Style, dissected 
Nepali snake bites man. Man bites snake to death
Catholic Church sues three pro Pussy Riot protestors in Germany. They might face more jail time than Pussy Riot in Russia
Egypt bans detention of journalists accused of media-related offenses. Islam Afifi, editor of an opposition paper charged with insulting President Mohamed Morsi, released after president issues decree
Foreign companies have bought up 124 million hectares of land in Africa in the past decade, resulting in the eviction of smallholding farmers, sometimes by force, from their ancestral lands, former IMF chief warns.
Even more brutal leader takes over Mexicos Zetas
18 Days with the Syrian rebels (PHOTOS)
The New Statesman must correct its error over Assange and extradition (re: New Statesmans article Legal myths about the Assange extradition)
Why the Western Media Hates Julian Assange
Ex-senator in Brazil to repay $234 mn in stolen funds: This is the largest amount to be repaid in a corruption case
Egypt arrests man after nail bomb attack on German embassy over prophet Mohammed cartoons
Assange &amp; Ecuador may take UK to international court
How Did Coal-Rich India End Up With Power Blackouts? - For decades, the World Bank pushed privatization of the power industry and assumed that energy services would trickle down to the poor.
Apple and Samsung get South Korea bans - BBC News
Poor in India Starve as Politicians Steal $14.5 Billion of Food -- The theft blunted the countrys only weapon against widespread starvation -- a five-decade-old public distribution system that has failed to deliver record harvests to the plates of Indias hungriest.
Shenzhen, where some of Chinas largest electronics manufacturers are located, looks set to hike its minimum wage by 13.3%, in a move that could cause a ripple effect across the worlds major technology companies.
 In Feb. Guatemalan President Molina said his country is not doing what the US says, were doing what we have to do   decriminalize drugs.  Now US Marines have been sent in to help oust the Zeta Drug Cartel.  The US Navy, Coast Guard, &amp; federal agents are also involved. 
 Bill for gay marriage passes first reading in New Zealand
Russias volleyball coach commits suicide after Olympic failure  report
Hundreds Of Websites Go Dark In Jordan In SOPA-Style #BlackoutJo Protest Over Internet Freedom
Desmond Tutu quits summit with Blair over invasion of Iraq. Nobel peace winner says he wont share platform with morally indefensible former PM
Blizzard cuts off Iranian Access to WoW because of U.S. trade sanctions
Stephen Hawking to star in Paralympics opener
Russian President Vladimir Putin is spending billions of taxpayers rubles on 20 luxurious residences, 43 jets and four yachts, a top opposition leader claimed Tuesday. Its estimated that the maintenance of Putins residences, jets and cars alone costs $2.5 billion a year.
Possible Malaria cure found at the University of Cape Town, South Africa.
CIA balked at chance to kill bin Laden in 99, Polish ex-spy says
IBM and MS deciding New Zealand legislation: In 2010, Microsoft and IBM convinced the Ministry of Economic Dev to abandon plans to exclude software from patentability, as seen in the new version of the text published on Aug 2012
Red Cross halts most Pakistan aid in wake of doctors beheading
Bolivian police seize 2 tons of uranium...that was being stored at a building in central La Paz located near the U.S. and Spanish embassies.
Anger over Australian supermarket no Indians job ad.
Multiple roofs on fire after planned WW2 Bomb detonation in Munich 
Is ABC Starting to Understand BitTorrent Demand? In an attempt to dissuade Aussie punters from torrenting the show, ABC announced it will offer this weekends new Doctor Who episode on its iView service as soon as it finishes airing in the UK
France opens murder inquiry into Yasser Arafat death 
China Aims High From the Bottom of the World - Country plans 2 world-class telescopes for its Antarctic observatory.  The pair will be among the biggest &amp; most significant telescopes in Antarctica. Astronomers have long thought Dome A is the best place on Earth to gaze at the Universe.
UKs Deputy PM demands an emergency tax on the rich to cope with downturn
A little bit of WWII just came back to Munich: An American bomb was found; disarming impossible; now it was detonated, setting nearby houses on fire
Three-person civil union sparks controversy in Brazil
Archbishop Tutu refuses platform with Blair.
Nobel Peace laureate pulls out of leadership conference in protest against ex-UK PMs role in US-led Iraq invasion.
Red Cross halts most Pakistan aid after beheading
Worlds richest woman says poor should have less fun, work harder
Gay man gets maternity leave in Brazil:  Brazils social security agency has, for the first time, given a four-month maternity leave to a gay man so that he can care for his adopted child.
Norway writes down 90% of populations mortgage debt
Over 100,000 people demand that Peter Sunde, former spokesperson of The Pirate Bay, be pardoned from his sham verdict by the Swedish Administration
South Africa uses apartheid-era law to accuse 270 miners of murder: South African authorities on Thursday invoked a legal move seldom used since the dying days of apartheid in order to charge 270 striking miners with the murder of 34 co-workers who were seen being shot dead 
Drone-Tracking App Gets No Traction From Apple: For the third time in a month, Apple has rejected a proposed app that tracks American drone strikes. The company says the app is objectionable and crude; the developer says he wants to encourage more dialogue about drone attacks.
Police probing Quebec maple syrup heist worth up to $30-million
Drink Less, Work More, Aussie Billionaire Tells Non-Rich
Deadly Tuberculosis now drug resistant
Julian Assange: I could stay in Ecuadorean embassy for a year -- WikiLeaks founder believes case against him will be dropped as William Hague admits solution is not in sight to extradition row
Food prices jump 10% in July and are expected to keep rising. The countries most affected are the poorest, which are not only the most food insecure but also experiencing the sharpest increases
Blind faith in DNA test led innocent man to be jailed for murder
7.9 earthquake in Philippines
Americans Shot in Mexico Were C.I.A. Operatives Aiding in Drug War
Chaos as Strikes Ground Planes at Frankfurt Airport:  Lufthansa flight attendants walked off the job for eight hours on Friday resulting in over 200 flight cancellations and a temporary ban on incoming flights into Germanys biggest airport. The labor dispute will likely result in more strikes soon.
FinSpy, A Software Meant to Fight Crime Is Used to Spy on Dissidents. Two researchers say an off-the-shelf computer program has been used to monitor and spy on dissidents in countries around the world
A fisherman found the oldest message in a bottle at sea. The previous record holder was found by the same boat.
Russia plans to build sea based missile shield
UN nuclear agency confirms Iran has shrouded site, says its probe significantly hampered
Eurozone unemployment at new high - BBC News
7.9 quake hits off Philippines - tsunami warning
Everything you need to know about the September 12 German court decision that could rock the entire world
US, Israel responsible for Syria conflict: Iran
Iran: Persian interpreter tampers with Morsis NAM speech to deflect criticism of Syria
A Tokyo court has ruled Samsung hasnt infringed on an Apple patent, in the latest development in the legal battle between the two technology titans.
I couldnt believe CNN was making me put what I knew to be government lies into my reporting.
220 people evacuated from Swiss postal hub after a white substance was found in an envelope, 34 got hospitalized because they felt sick. Turns out it was cornflour.
Worlds richest women calls for Australian wage cut
7.9 Earthquake off the coast of Costa Rica
Attempted murder on Quebecs new prime minister. First women elected. LIVE
A 74-year-old farmer in a small town in southern Germany planted more than 1,000 cannabis plants in the mistaken belief they were sunflowers
BP accused of gross negligence 
Christians should leave their beliefs at home or get another jo 
Explosion, Gunshot at victory speech from Canadian provincial election
Iran Supplying Syrian Military via Iraq Airspace
4 Endangered Tiger Cubs &amp; Over 100 Pangolins Found in Car by Vietnam Police  - Theyre hunted for their fur, bones &amp; other body parts for use in Chinese medicine.   Vietnam has 1 of    worst record in world in fight against trade in endangered species - an accusation it denies.
Armenia ready for war over axe killers pardon
Mexico arrests El Gordo, alleged leader of Gulf Cartel drug gang
Hate content against Hindus, Sikhs, Christians in Pakistan textbooks increases manifold - The Times of India
British family finds medieval well under living room floor
7.9 earthquake strikes off the coast of Costa Rica
Iran says it treats Israeli military threats as American
Queen of Cocaine Killed in Columbia
Sailboat Becomes 1st to Sail Through Northwest Passage, Becoming Visual of Declining Polar Ice - Warming global temperatures &amp;  melting polar ice caps have helped   the international 3-man crew go where few have gone before
Who are the Worst Tax Dodgers in Greece? -  Tax evasion is so widespread &amp; customary that bank loan officers use standard multipliers to convert reported income into real income. A doctor?  Assumed income is 2.45x reported.  Restaurant owner?  1.99x. But why different multipliers? 
Peru villagers allege neglect after toxic spill
Nigeria pirates hijack oil tanker near Lagos -  The crew hid in a room on the ship.  The tanker was laden with fuel &amp; is now sailing into the Gulf of Guinea, which suggests some or all of its cargo will be offloaded into a waiting vessel &amp; sold on the regions illegal fuel market.
Eurozone demands six-day week for Greece in return for bailout. 
Iran makes no distinction between U.S. and Israeli 
interests and will retaliate against both countries if 
attacked | Reuters
Mexico navy says it captured Gulf cartel leader. Mario Cardenas Guillen, alias El Gordo, is accused of being one of the two top leaders of the Gulf cartel of Mexico
Evangelical Christian doctor in Australia banned from practicing as GP for prescribing chemical castration to cure teenager of being gay
Berlin declares circumcision legal, but only if performed by a doctor -- not as a ritual | The Times of Israel
Not only did the US deliver Gaddafi his enemies on a silver platter but it seems the CIA tortured many of them first,
$59 million Swedish Aid Package For Cambodia after Pirate Bay Founder Arrest
4 year girl hid under familys dead bodies for 8 hours before being found
Medieval church discovered beneath parking lot. The church may be where King Richard III was buried in 1485.
FBI must show piracy evidence to extradite Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom: New Zealand court
Assange case: Swedens shame in violating human rights.
Japan Finds Major Rare Earth Deposits
The Strange Deaths of 2 Canadian Sisters in Thailand - A hotel maid found  the sisters dead in their room, with lesions tracked across their bodies, their fingernails &amp; toenails turned an odd grayish blue. They were huddled in their beds,  smeared with vomit &amp; blood.  And they werent the first.
Putin: Assange case a definite example of double standards, trial politically motivated
War reporter shot in front of husband
France shootings: Three victims shot in head
Asias Richest Woman (Georgina Gina Rinehart) Slammed After Musing About Workers Paid $2 A Day
Race to the End:  Pakistans terrible, horrible, no-good, very bad idea to develop battlefield nukes.
Vladimir Putin to pilot hand glider at head of endangered crane migration - while disguised as a bird
Christian girl hailed as daughter of nation by senior Pakistani cleric
Report: The US waterboarded Libyans opposed to Moamer Kadhafi and handed them over to his regime for further torture
Depression, Suicides Rise as Euro Debt Crisis Intensifies
Swedish Doctor and nurse let patient die so they can go on a lunch break. And they are still working!
BBC News - Detailed map of genome function -  80% of our genome is performing a specific function and The term junk DNA must now be junked.
China buys Egypt from the US. The US is suddenly competing for influence over its once most stalwart ally in the Middle East.
Islamic Green Lantern introduced by DC Comics: New superhero is a tattooed Arab-American called Simon Baz with a criminal record for illegal street racing
RT: Small Catalonian town declares independence from Spanish Government 
Between Gandhi and Gates: India at Crossroads on Path to Superpower Status -- Poverty is still rampant in India and chaos remains a defining characteristic. But the country is also a global leader in high tech, has become the worlds leading weapons importer and is planning a mission to Mars. 
Afghan actress stabbed to death by male mob for appearing on television. Numerous other actresses have received death threats and have been forced into hiding. Afghanistan is not made for women... whether actresses or not.
Canada closes embassy in Iran, expels Iranian diplomats
Mount Fuji Prone to a Full Eruption Soon, Pressure Now Higher than the Last 4,000-metre-high Eruption Experts Warn (disaster imminent?)
Worlds richest woman chastises Australian miners for being too expensive, saying, Africans want to work. Its workers are willing to work for less than $2 per day.
Ex-F1 driver Alex Zanardi wins gold at 2012 Paralympics.  11 years after his horrific incident.
S.Arabia may not have oil to export by 2030
Of the 51 self-immolations, 41 have died. That speaks to just how grave and desperate the situation is that Tibetans are choosing to die than to leave.
Science wins over creationism in South Korea: Government asks publishers to retain examples of evolution in science textbooks
Are Chinese Banks Hiding The Mother of All Debt Bombs? - Chinas massive bank financed stimulus was intended to keep the economy moving. It may instead lead to economic disaster. 
Canada closes Iran embassy, expels remaining Iranian diplomats
Mother of Gary Mackinnon, British autistic hacker under threat of extradition to US, writes open letter to UK government
No ban on pesticides that threaten bees: European and American reports say nerve agents may be a danger, but the UK goes on using them
Greek police protesting against austerity cuts blocked the 
entrance to the riot police headquarters on Thursday, preventing buses 
carrying riot police from leaving for the site of major demonstrations this 
weekend.
Agent Orange victims in Vietnam to get Scientology detox treatment
Germany Overtakes US in Global Competitiveness - SPIEGEL ONLINE
The Myth That Japan Is Broke: The Worlds Largest Debtor Is Now the Worlds Largest Creditor
Iran sends elite troops to aid Assad regime
Report assails palm oil project in Cameroon as a land grab - The area to be developed, which is about eight times the size of Manhattan, is a hot spot of biodiversity, and the 99-year land lease is of questionable legal status
The 14th round begins: of negotiations over the TPP, a secretive, multi-national trade agreement that threatens to extend restrictive IP laws across the globe and rewrite international rules on their enforcement
The current rate of Arctic ice melt like adding 20 years of CO2 emissions 
Netanyahu lost his temper, reprimanded U.S. ambassador over Iran, says congressman
Pope urged to recognise Palestinian state
Arctic ice melting at amazing speed, scientists find. Unprecedented and surprising change likely to affect global climate. 
Xi Jinping, Chinas Next Leader, Is Secretly Hinting At Reforms
Kalashnikov Manufacturer Faces Bankruptcy
South Korea rejects creationist interference in school textbooks
Anonymous takes down Godaddy.com
WikiLeaks releases 32k Syria emails
India to back Palestines full UN membership bid
Loving dog dies saving suicidal owner from train tracks.
China tries to persuade the city of Corvallis, Oregon to force a businessman to remove a mural from his downtown building.
US drug addiction impedes Mexican growth - President Calderon: stated that the US was the root cause of the drugs war that has claimed over 50,000 lives in Mexico.
Russia sets super goal of establishing Moon base
Jerusalem police announced that over they past month they uncovered a massive weapons cache inside a vegetable shop in east Jerusalem, with dozens of weapons, ammunition, pipe bombs, Hamas literature, and a quarter of a million shekels.
Mysterious absence of top Chinese official latest Communist Party woe: Presumptive new leader Xi Jinping not seen since September 1, missing scheduled meetings with foreign dignitaries
French homosexuals will be able to adopt children in the same conditions as heterosexual couples in the new gay marriage law proposed by the French government (article in translated French, sorry)
The supervision of Kosovo is finished - Kosovo declared fully independent
Scientology threatens Vanity Fair over Tom Cruise auditions claims
Andy Murray becomes first British man since Fred Perry in 1936 to win a Grand Slam singles title.
Australia Determined to Stop Dutch Super-Trawler From Fishing in its Waters by Immediately Changing  Environmental Protection Laws - Theres never been a fishing vessel of this capacity in Australia before. There are risks to environment, commercial operators &amp;  everyone who loves fishing. 
A rare scarab amulet newly unearthed in Tel Aviv reveals the ancient Egyptian presence in this modern Israeli city.
Suicide bombing at Turkey police station kills 1
Somalia, after two decades of war, has taken a major step toward stability  electing an activist leader as president.
Russian Authorities Shocking Nighttime Demolition of a Pentecostal Church in Moscow - Forbes
Oregon town angers China with mural on Taiwan, Tibet
Violence continues in Kenyas Tana river area despite a dusk-to-dawn curfew after the deaths of about 100 people in weeks of clashes
Bin Laden raid doctor Shakil Afridi speaks out
Channel 4 cancels controversial screening of Islam: 
The Untold Story documentary after presenter Tom 
Holland is threatened
Stowaway plunges to death from plane in residential street under Heathrow flight path  - Telegraph
Where is Chinas Vice President Xi Jinping? - 
The strange disappearance from public view of Chinas heir apparent Vice President Xi Jinping has puzzled observers.
US ambassador and 3 staff members killed in an attack on the American consulate in Benghazi, Libya
Drunk North Korean man floats to South Korea
For the first time, White House declines Netanyahu request to meet with Obama
Egypt Protesters Attack U.S. Embassy In Cairo
Witnesses say an armed mob has attacked the US consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi and set fire to the building in what they say was a protest at a film deemed offensive to Islams Prophet Muhammad.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev calls for 3 members of punk band Pussy Riot to be freed
Hillsborough Report reveals police dramatically altered 164 police statements (including removing 116 comments about policing) revolving around the death of 96 football fans
1.5 million turn out in Barcelona in rally for independence from Spain.
US ambassador to Libya killed in attack on Benghazi consulate
Report: Maker of anti-Islamic film Innocence of Muslims goes into hiding
U.S. to send Marines to Libya to bolster security
Catalan independence rally brings Barcelona to a standstill: Surge in secessionist sentiment surprises regional government as Madrid dismisses big gesture
CCTV cameras being used in more than 200 schools changing rooms and toilets across Britain
Attack in Libya planned, protest used as diversion, U.S. sources say
A News International executive who admitted that the company had destroyed computers and deleted emails during the phone hacking scandal has been promoted by Rupert Murdoch.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has accused his countrys enemies of enacting a sinister plan to create a drought by somehow destroying the rain clouds before they reach Iran
Assange threatened to sue film festival if they showed a documentary film on Wikileaks called WikiLeaks: Secrets and Lies
Afghanistan bans YouTube over anti-Islam film
Japan:Scientists sound alarm on plan to bury nuclear waste
Benjamin Netanyahu has denounced American and British efforts to restrain Israel from striking Iran, saying that no-one had a moral right to prevent his country from acting against a mortal threat. 
You have to stop being gay, otherwise we will kill you. Homosexuals in Iraq face death threats from family, neighbors, police.
Israel distances itself from Prophet Muhammad film
MI6 boss visited Israeli Prime Minister to urge against attacking Iran - Telegraph
China Says No Questioning Its Sovereignty Over South China Sea 
Netanyahu denied White House meeting - The White House has reportedly rejected a request by Binyamin Netanyahu, Israeli prime minister, to meet President Barack Obama in the US later this month.
Up to 10 Libyans were also killed or wounded defending the US cousulate
Dalai Lama tells his Facebook friends that religion is no longer adequate
Iraqi government arresting gay men and lesbians and handing them over to Islamist militias
Diplomat Killed in Libya playing MMO, tells other gamers: Hope I Dont Die Tonight
A clash of civilizations? Not really. Egyptians and Libyans denounce extremist fringe responsible for attacks on US missions in their countries.
Itd appear that Sam Bacile, the man behind the anti-Islam film that sparked riots in Libya and Egypt, lied about his identity and is really Nakoula Basseley Nakoula.
WHO: ebola outbreak out of control in Congo, risks spreading to major towns
Report indicates Libyan attack has hallmarks of a professional job, not a riot.
There may be no anti-Islamic movie at all - CSMonitor.com
Russian Prime Minister Medvedev says Pussy Riot should be freed
US officials say the Pentagon is moving 2 warships toward Libyan coast.
Post-embassy attack, Egyptian President Morsis silence deafening:  
President Mohamed Morsi, who still faces enormous skepticism as Egypts first Islamist president, squandered an opportunity to reassure the international community that Egypt is stable.
Worlds first colour moving pictures discovered
Egypt to take legal action in U.S. against Prophet film makers
Yemen protesters storm US embassy - live coverage
US Diplomat killed in Libya told fellow gamers: Assuming we dont die tonight. We saw one of our police that guard the compound taking pictures.
This Does Not Represent Us: Moving Photos of Pro-American Rallies in Libya - Politics - The Atlantic Wire
Film That Stoked Mideast Violence Has Murky Parentage - NYTimes.com
Iranians protesting infront of the Swiss Embassy in Teheran, Iran 
Film That Stoked Mideast Violence Has Murky Parentage: Director Sam Basile may not even exist, but producer Steve Klein and promoter Terry Jones have long history of anti-choice and anti-Muslim activism
BBC News - US embassy in Yemen stormed in film protest
Chris Stevens died at the hands of militants, not an offended mob
Yemeni protesters storm U.S. embassy in Sanaa: witnesses
U.S. sending warships to Libyan coast after consulate attack
Tepid response from Egypt government may be bigger concern for US than events in Libya.
U.S. Embassy calls out Muslim Brotherhood over contradiction between the Brotherhoods Arabic and English Twitter postings.  English feed: hope US-Eg relations will sustain turbulence of Tuesdays events. Arabic feed: Egyptians revolt for the Prophets victory in front of U.S. embassy.
Protesters try to storm German, British embassies in 
Sudan
Maker of Anti-Muslim movie is not Israeli-American, but a Coptic Christian previously convicted of bank fraud.
Report: German embassy in Sudan on fire
Arab Spring nations dont yet grasp freedom of dissent - CNN.com
Protests have been reported today in Iraq, Iran, Indonesia, Qatar, Kashmir, Egypt, Yemen, Jordan, Sudan and Afghanistan.
Protestors torch KFC in Tripoli, Lebanon (PHOTOS)
China calls Romneys accusations as false as they are foolish 
EU working on consumer labels for Israeli settlement products. Denmark is spearheading an EU initiative to help consumers boycott Israeli settlement products.
Six Chinese ships enter Japanese waters
Hundreds of Muslim protesters storm German embassy in Sudan, raise Islamic flag
Protesters set fire to American School in Tunis - Reuters Reports
Toronto group says it wants to screen controversial anti-Islam film - The Glo
United States warned of Libya embassy attack but did nothing
Scottish wildcat to be extinct within months
Japan warns its citizens in China after another round of assaults
Protesters Attack US Embassy in Tunis.
Egypt, hearing from Obama, moves to heal rift from protests. A blunt phone call from President Obama prompted Egyptian leaders to scramble Thursday to try to repair the countrys alliance with Washington
Bosnian politician uploads porn to his web site in the hopes of improving his electoral prospects
Anti-US protests spread across the Middle East
US embassy under attack in Tunisia. 
U.K. surveillance goes too far by putting cameras in school bathrooms
Somali president survives assassination attempt - Video
Topless Kate photos in French mag upset UK royals
Man behind anti-Islam film reportedly is Egyptian-born ex-con
Russia has just declassified news that will shake world gem markets to their core: the discovery of a vast new diamond field containing trillions of carats, enough to supply global markets for another 3,000 years.
Canada rises to Top Five in world economic freedom ranking as U.S. plummets to 18th | Canada |
Russia signs deal with North Korea to write off 90% of North Koreas $11 billion debt to Moscow
Japan to prevent Chinese landing on disputed islands by any means
In Africas warm heart, a cold welcome for Chinese: As Chinese miners, merchants and laborers surf into Africa on the back of a wave of big investments, a grass-roots backlash against Beijings increasing diplomatic and commercial clout is sweeping through the continent
Arctic expert predicts final collapse of sea ice within four years: a global disaster now unfolding in northern latitudes as the sea area that freezes and melts each year shrinks to its lowest extent ever recorded,
Billionaire calls for end to aid to poor countries
Airport ditches controversial bodyscanners - Telegraph
Japan Discovers Massive Rare Earth Mineral Deposits Under Pacific Ocean
Egypt issues arrest warrants for Koran-burning pastor Terry Jones, 7 others over anti-Islam film
Death of worlds coral reefs could wreak global chaos.
High value air passengers may get fast-track passport checks - UK Border Agency working on plans for priority passport lanes for rich travellers at Heathrow and other British airports
How Angela Merkels bold plan to save Europe may have just saved Barack Obama.
Shell executive caught after accidentally printing child pornography at work
Shell Executive Anthony Sturman Jailed for Printing Child Pornograpy at Work.
Japanese coast guard warns Chinese ship near disputed islands
Witness says Libyans tried to rescue U.S. ambassador Stevens after he was found in alive in consulate office
UK student charged for grossly offensive Facebook post - under the Malicious Communications Act of 1988: Azher Ahmed posted a message on his Facebook page in response to the news that six British soldiers had died in an Afghanistan IED attack.
Islamists destroy tomb of Muslim saint in Mali
Pakistan Bans Youtube after it refuses to block video.
Behead all those who insult the prophet sign child deemed safe as mother talks to police
Iran says explosives cut power line to nuclear site
After 45 deaths and a six week strike, mine workers in South Africa finally accept pay rise offer
US diplomats at the embassy in Beirut, Lebanon are burning classified material as a precaution as anti-American protests spread to Lebanon.
Irish Armys elite deployed to protect humanitarian cargo ships from Somali pirates in Aden 
France bans protests against anti-Muslim video
Why British police dont have guns
UK woman who falsely claimed she was raped by three men because she regretted having sex with them jailed for two years
Protester dies after inhaling fumes from burning American flag
French magazine to publish cartoons caricaturing the Prophet Mohammed
Thousands of people in the Asian island nation of Sri Lanka have been struck by a mysterious and deadly form of kidney disease. A new study points to a likely cause: pesticides and fertilizers. 
Canadian University Requires Students To Pay $180 For Art History Text That Has No Photos Due To Copyright Problems
French weekly fuels Mohammad row with nude cartoons- Foreign Ministry shut down everything
Libyans tried to save U.S. ambassador, video shows
Japanese firms closing China plants
Report: 4 injured after explosion at kosher store in a Paris suburb
PAKISTAN: Friday Will Be A Holiday To Protest Film Mocking Islam
Georgia prisons minister resigns after revelations of inmate torture and rape
Anti-Japanese sentiments have spread to Hong Kong, Japanese couple is attacked by a Chinese man
Hezbollah: The height of US hypocrisy is that no one can question the Holocaust without escaping punishment, whereas when the greatest prophet of our nation is insulted, Hillary Clinton considers that America cannot do anything about freedom of expression.
Five of the six biggest countries in the EU have called for a radical overhaul of European foreign and defence policy
Cyberattacks hit 19 Japan websites amid Chinese protests
Theres a scramble to take control of resources exposed by melting ice.
Japan Still Waiting for Chinese Fleet - As of Tuesday evening a giant flotilla hadnt materialized near the islands
A populist group in Germany wants to publicly show the anti-Islam film Innocence of Muslims, which is stoking a violent backlash across the Muslim world. Officials are reviewing whether they could ban the action, sparking a delicate debate over free speech and public order. 
Britain shocked by shooting death of two unarmed female police officers
To ban or not to ban? German right-wing group to show anti-Islam film. - 
After protesters torched the German embassy in Sudan last week, a German right-wing group announced plans to screen Innocence of Muslims.  Now officials are weighing a ban of the event.
Iran deploys submarine in Persian Gulf
Fire tornado captured on film in Australia - video | World news | guardian.co.uk
Free speech or incitement? French mag runs cartoons of Prophet Mohammed 
Uruguay Takes War on Drugs in New Direction: state monopoly over the production &amp; distribution of marijuana, making it the 1st national government to sell cannabis directly to citizens
Mystery of the Disappearing Bees: Solved!
Girls Beat Up Iran Cleric Over Dress Code -  2 girls clobbered a cleric in a small town in Iran, when he admonished one of them to cover herself more completely.
Italys Highest Court Upholds The Convictions of 23 CIA Agents for Kidnapping a Terror Suspect in Milan - NYTimes.com
Chinas fishing boat flotilla not actually heading for Senkaku/Diaoyu. Fishing boats were actually just going fishing.
A woman from Iran is facing deportation from Canada next Wednesday despite new evidence proving she faces an adultery charge there that, under sharia law, could result in her being stoned to death.
French President Francois Hollande on Tuesday denounced the unfathomable stupidity of Islamist radicals who destroyed Muslim shrines at Timbuktu in northern Mali. 
Israeli air strike kills Hamas govt employees in Gaza
Australian Senate votes down same-sex marriage 41 against 26. 
Japanese Must All Be Killed: Hate Sign in China Goes Viral -- Volkswagen AGs luxury Audi (NSU) unit asked a Chinese dealer to remove a banner advocating the murder of Japanese people
Old Spanish Woman Who Ruined Jesus Fresco Now Demanding Payment
UN backs naming and shaming of governments and armed groups that recruit or attack children. UN Security Council approved the resolution over protests from Russia, China, Pakistan and Azerbaijan, which abstained from the 11-0 vote
Islamic states to reopen quest for global blasphemy law
| Reuters
Uruguay takes war on drugs in new direction: The state as dealer -- 
The South American country is proposing a state monopoly over marijuana in part to curtail drug-related violence. But its getting pushback  even from those in favor of legalization.
China and Japan: Could Asia really go to war over these? | The Economist
Why Does China Want A Mural In Oregon Destroyed?
Church of Scientology is expanding abroad  this time to the Middle East.
Some Religious Leaders See a Threat as Europe Grows More Secular
An Australian counter protest may be in the works for the planned pro-Islam protests in Melbourne this coming Sunday
Afghan suicide attacks kill skateboarding children
Greek State Tries to Stem Neo-Nazi Rise - In recent weeks the once-fringe group has organised Greeks-only food handouts &amp; blood donations, &amp; has ousted migrant peddlers from street markets to the delight of local operators &amp; the outrage of authorities
Japan wants China to compensate for damages from protests
Australian Medical Association president calls for legal drinking age to be lifted to 25
Russia shows USAID the door - After 20 years of working in Russia, USAID officials said they were informed by the Russian government that their services were no longer required.
Law bans cybersex in Philippines
President Obama to United Nations: We Do Not Ban Blasphemy
Slavery Still Exists:  Photographs of human trafficking and enslavement around the world
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange lashed out at U.S. President Barack Obama for supporting freedom of speech in the Middle East while simultaneously persecuting his organization for leaking diplomatic cables.
Japan may scrap this years whale hunt in the Antarctic.
Uruguay has voted by a razor-thin margin to legalise abortion, becoming only the second country in Latin America to make abortions accessible to all women during the first trimester of pregnancy
French president tells world to decriminalize homosexuality which cannot be seen as a crime  on the contrary, its the recognition of ones orientation. 
US labels Assange enemy of state
There Will Be No Bacon Shortage:
How a British trade association press release sent the Internet into a senseless panic.
PORTUGAL: Prosecutor says its legal to copy music and movies on the Net
Red Bull heir pays $97,000 to family of man he is alleged to have killed with a $1M Ferrari
Julian Assange speaks to UN via satellite from London, calls for end to persecution: It is time for the United States to cease its persecution of WikiLeaks, to cease its persecution of our people and to cease its persecution of our alleged sources
Its just amazing how Libor-fixing can make you that much money or lose it if opposite, he wrote. It is a cartel now in London. Royal Bank of Scotland Employee
New Zealand spy agency apologizes to Kim Dotcom for illegally spying on him. 
Cybersex now illegal in the Philippines, with penalties higher than some child pornography charges. Expressing your opinion on the internet could be punishable by law.
No fix for Jesus rifles deploying to Afghanistan - U.S. military issued rifle scopes bearing New Testament Bible verses still in circulation years after correction was ordered
Radical Muslim being prosecuted for violating Egypts blasphemy laws by tearing up an English copy of the Bible
Japan hangs cult leader responsible for 6 murders
Libyan who captured Qaddafi tortured, killed
Nuclear hypocrisy in Middle East? Does Israel enjoy a double standard when it comes to nuclear ambitions in the Middle East?
A First Victory for Tunisian Women, The Term Complementary to Men, Replaced with Equality in Controversial Article of the New Constitution.
Aussie Aid Workers Family Angry With  Foreign Affairs Dept  - 
Mother of aid worker wants help freeing daughter, who was stopped at Libya airport for questioning.  Though not arrested, she cant leave.  Her family thinks its connected to rumors she was sexually assaulted by a Libyan official.
Pope is both victim and supreme judge in trial of ex-butler accused of leaking documents
BBC News - North Koreas Ryugyong Hotel of Doom pictures released
Testing is complete on a laundry detergent additive that will enable your clothes to remove nitrogen oxide traffic pollution from the air in a bid to reduce asthma and other respiratory problems in cities
Backlash to the Backlash; Muslim Moderates are fighting back - Tom Friedman
Bahraini court sentences 9 doctors to prison for up to 5 years for treating injured protesters. 
Anti-Downloading Law Hits Japan, Up To 
2 Years in Prison From Today
Activists warned to watch what they say as social media monitoring becomes next big thing in law enforcement 
In urban Taiwan, indoor shrimp fishing is booming:  Shrimp fishing in Taiwan has moved indoors over the years, and it now is a popular activity among city dwellers in Taipei and elsewhere. 
Ikea is being criticized for deleting images of women from the Saudi version of its furniture catalogue, a move the company says it regrets - The report raised questions in Sweden about Ikeas commitment to gender equality
Egypt sheikh says girls should be married, have children starting at 14-years-old; he is also a member of the Constituent Assembly tasked with drafting Egypts new constitution
A firefight broke out between U.S. forces and their Afghan army allies in eastern Afghanistan Sunday, killing two Americans and three Afghan soldiers 
AP Interview: SKorea foreign minister says Japan must educate its people about its war crimes
No tax? No blessing! German church made the final move, excluding from religious community anyone who doesnt devolve part of his taxes to the church..
Suspected Muslim insurgents shoot grenades at fair in 
southern Thailand, 30 hurt - The Washington Post
Iranian News Agency Claims Onion Report It Ran by Mistake Is Essentially True
 Govts around the world are leaving hundreds of millions of cancer patients to suffer needlessly by not giving them adequate access to pain-relieving drugs - New data paints shocking picture of unnecessary pain on a global scale. Theres an urgent need to repeal excessive restrictions.
 Sweden detains Pirate Bay founder in oppressive conditions without charges, The case underscores the prime fear long expressed by Assange supporters about the Swedish justice system
How the mafia is destroying the rainforests
Muslim Rage Is About Politics, Not Religion: Muslims have good reason to be angryand its not a sophomoric movie trailer on youtube. 
Critics deplore Canadas shift to the right
Powerful typhoon hits Japans mainland ...video shows cars blown over like toys
1 in 10 European workers took time off for depression - survey
Iranian economy on verge of collapse, says Israel
Amid Greeces Worries, the Rise of Right-Wing 
Aleppos Silk Road souk burns to ashes in battle for Syrian city. Flames destroys 1,500 shops in Souk al-Madina, a world heritage site, fuelled by fabric stored beneath ancient arches
Thousands march in Paris against austerity:   Chanting resistance, demonstrators took to the streets of Paris on Sunday to protest against austerity policies and Europes new budget treaty, in the first major demonstration since President Franois Hollande took power four months ago. 
An estimated one million children go missing in the European Union - every year.
In Italy, a comedian getting the last laugh:  Beppe Grillo, a TV comedian-turned-political phenomenon, is making much of Europe nervous. Pundits see his rise as underscoring the political uncertainty in Italy that is quickly becoming one of the biggest wild cards of the European debt crisis.
BBC News - Man freed after getting his head stuck in bin in Aberdeen
Stolen Maple Syrup Recovered
France to cover 100 percent of abortion costs
Marijuana And Cancer: Scientists Find Cannabis Compound Stops Metastasis In Aggressive Cancers
Swedish Pirate Party surges after file-sharing host facility raided
Divers Return to Wreck Where Ancient Computer Found - In 1900, divers saw a pile of dead, naked women on the seabed.  Turned out to be Greek statues in a Roman ship wreck. Also found was a curious device that calculates movements of stars &amp; planets &amp; timing of athletic events. 
The $1 billion mission to reach the Earths mantle
Proposed Split of Large Institutions: Fight Looms Over EU Plans for Bank Reform - Until recently, calls to forcibly split up European banks were dismissed as a radical leftist idea. Now even an EU panel of experts is recommending dividing up dangerous financial giants.
Japanese researchers discover that looking at pics of baby animals improves productivity
The Philippines Passes a Cybercrime Prevention Act that Makes SOPA Look Reasonable
LOCAL -  Three killed as Syrian shell strikes Turkish town
Tunisians took to the streets by the hundreds, protesting the treatment of a woman who was allegedly raped by police officers -- and then charged with public indecency
What happened when British politicians took a maths exam
Mortar from Syria kills at least 3 in Turkey
Africans have flocked to Europe for years, in search of a better life and to make money they could send back home. Now, as Europes economy struggles, many Africans are ready to pack up and head back home, where the economy is better.
Radical Islamists execute man before crowd of 600 in northern Mali in latest punishment
25 killed in attack at Nigerian college dormitory: The attackers called out victims names and then killed them, a police official says of the assault in Mubi, Nigeria.
Ferry crash response revives distrust between Hong Kong and mainland China:  A ferry crash in Hong Kong has turned into a political match between the city and Mainland China.
US grants Taiwan visa-waiver status - Taiwanese nationals will not need a visa to enter the United States starting November 1
Hamas accused of routine torture of detainees in Gaza Strip
Does the World Need Irans Oil? Apparently Not
Hezbollah military commander killed in Syria
Iranian Police Clash With Protesters Over Currency Plunge
Mentally ill patients in Ghana chained up for months at prayer camps: Report
Spike in Police Officer Deaths Alarms So Paulo
New Philippine cyber law could numb the Net
BBC News - Turkeys parliament authorises military action in Syria
Two Coptic children arrested in Egypt for insulting Islam
Foreign donors have spent tens of millions of dollars building hospitals in Afghanistan that have never seen a patient.
Land acquired over past decade could have produced food for a billion people: Oxfam calls on World Bank to stop backing foreign investors who acquire land for biofuels that could produce food
34 Syrian soldiers killed in Turkish offensive
Badly disabled woman told shes fit to work.
Turkey govt says Syria crisis is threat to its security, seeks parliament approval for military operations outside its borders
The last native speaker of the Cromarty fisherfolk dialect has died -- retired engineer Bobby Hogg, 92, was the last person who was still fluent in the dialect used in parts of the Black Isle, near Inverness.
Arctic Melt: Were worried. This is our home and these waters are our fields where we harvest our food. This isnt just a staging area for Shell, this is our home, and it is all about to change.
Morocco using warships to block abortion vessel
German customs seize Stradivarius violin, demand $1.5 million
Lethbridge police (Alberta, Canada) raid mans house finding a record haul of...daisy flower plants... 
Saudi Arabia to curb powers of religious police: The head of Saudi Arabias notorious religious police has told the media he will curb his forces powers in a bid to clamp down on excesses.
Rupert Murdoch faces shareholder revolt at News Corp annual meeting
Gaza flotilla sponsor blames Jews for Holocaust on Twitter 
Scareware trickster fined $163m by authorities
Egyptian woman runs for chairmanship of Muslim Brotherhoods political wing  RT
 
Airline tickets are plunging in Japan, as Japanese embrace quick weekend flights to visit friends &amp; family. 3 new efficient low-cost carriers have seen growth this year.
Russia accuses al-Qaida of forest jihad in Europe.  Forest fires in EU countries should be considered part of al-Qaidas new strategy, says Russias top security official
Indias improbably champion for affordable feminine hygeine
Why the US demonises Venezuelas democracy
Irans currency plunges 40 percent, riot police called out 
Turkey strikes targets in Syria in retaliation for shelling deaths - CNN.com
Nigeria: Muslims massacre up to 30 Christian students 
BBC News - Turkeys parliament authorises military action in Syria
Canadian government fires all non-Christian Chaplains in federal prisons
42 year old Alberta man dismissed of drug charges: 1,600 seized pot plants turn out to be daisies.
An 11-year-old Russian boy discovers a 30,000-year-
old woolly mammoth carcass
French bees make green and blue honey after M&amp;Ms feast 
Death penalty for family members in India honour killing - 5 members of a family in Delhi, have been sentenced to death for the brutal murder of a young couple.  The young lovers were brutally beaten up, tortured and electrocuted in Ashas uncles home.
A mass grave has been found near the Polish village of Dworzysko -  Its suspected the victims, shot in the back of the head, were members of the National Armed Forces, a Polish group that resisted communist rule from the end of WWII until 1956.
President issues state apology in Tunisia after police rape women and charge her with indecency
Canada poised to claim ownership of vast underwater territory bigger than Quebec
How Politics Nuked Irans Economy: some pundits are wondering whether inflation will spell the end of the regime.
Stay classy Paris: luxury hotel owner says Chinese tourists not welcome
Ukrainian Bill Banning Promotion of Homosexuality Passes First Reading, with 289 Votes (out of 350 Present)
Honduras plan to create for profit cities run by multinational corporations ruled unconstitutional
Two Eritrean Air Force pilots defect to Saudi Arabia - in the President of Eritreas plane. [Article in French]
Tunisia president offers state apology to rape woman. There is no more tolerance, neither for rapists, nor for those who want to hide the truth 
The worlds most luxurious designer brands are abandoning Argentina rather than comply with tight new government economic restrictions, leaving empty shelves and storefronts along the capitals elegant Alvear Avenue.
Turkey issues new warnings to Syria. Erdogan says Turkey not far from war 
Five suspected terrorists - including radical cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri - will be extradited to the US to face trial, UK High Court judges rule.
An Idealist on Death Row - Why the desperate fate of a little-known Sudanese human rights activists poses some fundamental questions about what it means to be human.
Queensland wants federal laws to help find trolls
 - Its s flagged a major shake-up of media &amp; privacy laws with a call for tougher federal laws to help identify social media trolls
 A bizarre dinosaur described as a cross between a bird, a vampire and a porcupine has been identified from fossils in South Africa.
 Is the U.S. Admitting Defeat in Afghanistan?
The law of diminishing returns - and rising costs - appears likely to bring Western troops home from Afghanistan even as the Taliban insurgency rages
Hackers hit 5 Japan colleges / Todai, Kyoto U. among victims of worldwide attack that stole info
Jihadis in Syria: The Cracks Start to Show
World food prices rise, stay close to crisis levels: UN | Business Recorder
Iraq 2002, Iran 2012: Compare and contrast Netanyahus speeches
Italian church to be stripped of tax exemption from 2013: The extra revenue from these exempt properties - including hotels, restaurants and sports centres - could be 25.5m a year in Rome alone
Spot where Julius Caesar was stabbed discovered
Weeks after posting a haunting Youtube video on her years of torment at classmates hands, 15-year-old B.C. girl commits suicide.
The European Union wins the Nobel Peace Prize 2012 (google translate article).
In Haiti, Little Can Be Found of a Hip-Hop Artists Charity:   The charity created by Wyclef Jean, the Haitian-born hip-hop celebrity, effectively went out of business last month, leaving a trail of debts, unfinished projects and broken promises.
UN: Human rights activists beaten, raped in Iran
Prince of Sealand dies aged 91
Chinas official Womens Federation: Pretty girls dont need a lot of education to marry into a rich and powerful family, but girls with an average or ugly appearance will find it difficult. ... by the time they get their M.A. or Ph.D., they are already old, like yellowed pearls.
What it means to be living under drones - latimes.com
Pakistan Arrests Three Men In Taliban Shooting Of 15-
Year-Old Girl
Koran-burning pastor Terry Jones barred from Canada for anti-Muslim film debate
Golden Dawn Incident At Theater in Athens - Business Insider
Fear grows as Mali extremists compile list of unwed mothers
Botswana court rules in favor of gender equality - Botswanas courts nullify a customary law that denied women the right to inherit a family home, a decision seen as a crucial step forward for womens rights in the southern African country.
BBC News - France uncovers biggest bomb plot in years
Nina was brutalised by her rapists, and then French justice assaulted her again
A story to celebrate on the International Day of the Girl Child:  
Rekha Kalindi refused to enter a child marriage at age 12 and insisted on staying in school. Her stand is helping change attitudes in part of rural India.
US corn ethanol cost poor nations $6.6 billion - The paper calculates that, from 2006 to 2011, ethanol-related corn price increases cost all corn-importing countries $11.6 billion. Developing nations bore around 57 percent of the burden
Turkey scrambles fighter planes to Syria border
Hezbollah says it launched drone over Israel and that it was shot down as it flew over suspected Israeli nuclear site.
Nigerian farmers sue Shell in Dutch court over oil cleanup:  Landmark case against overseas oil giant could set precedent
Hezbollah Promises Drone Invasions Will Become A Way Of Life For Israel
Nobels will blatantly disrespected in Norway
Seven British soldiers arrested in murder probe
French fishermen clash with scallop-pillaging Brits
The shadow of ACTA is back in Europe, disguised as CETA (Canada-European Union and Trade Agreement): A comparison of the leaked draft CETA shows it includes a number of the same controversial provisions, specifically concerning criminal enforcement, private enforcement by ISPs, and harsh damages.
Controversial US businessman dumped 100 tonnes of iron sulphate off Canadian coast in worlds largest ever geoengineering experiment, in what lawyers are calling a blatant violation of international bans
Muslims protest age of mockery as thousands 
descend on Google HQ - Telegraph
Slaverys last stronghold
Skydiver Felix Baumgartner lands highest ever jump
Over 100 militants attack Pakistani police station killing six policemen. Two of the killed policemen were beheaded
Pakistani teen activist on way to Britain to recover from shooting by Taliban 
Student rejected from entry into medicine, pretends to be medical student for 2 years going to classes, labs, tutorials
Gurkha ignores knife wound to trap his mugger for 15 minutes while blade was stuck in his arm
Fukushima disaster could have been avoided, nuclear plant operator admits
Panama leader tells Germany he wants to adopt euro - BERLIN (Reuters) - Panama would like to introduce the euro as legal tender alongside the U.S. dollar, President Ricardo Martinelli told German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Monday during a visit to Europe
Malaysian transsexuals lose case against Islamic law that states men cannot wear womens clothes
Austerity-weary Lithuania elects new left-wing govt
Using Illegal Drugs Is Like Gambling Or Eating Junk Food, Says UK Drug Policy Commission
Turkey bans all Syrian aircraft from entering its airspace.
Iran acknowledges arming Hizbollah with drone
Wildlife experts say the number of tigers in Asia has fallen sharply in recent years due to habitat loss and poaching. Skins and body parts are sold to medicinal and souvenir markets, mainly in China.
Food Prices: Bread, coffee &amp; fresh fruit have become a bit of a luxury - 
Affordability is now the key factor for grocery shoppers, with ethical considerations least important
Flemish separatists score wins in Belgian local election - BRUSSELS (Reuters) - A party that wants to split Belgium scored major victories in municipal elections on Sunday and its leader was set to become mayor of the countrys second city, raising the pressure on a fragmented national government.
Guinea worm close to extinction
Germans face hefty bill to end nuclear power:  But only 18 months into the plan, the cost of the switchover is beginning to sink in. Some politicians, fearful of losing popular support for the transition, are demanding an overhaul of the mechanism to pay for it.
Referendum in Place for Scottish Independence
Scotland moves step closer to independence vote
Lithuanians ditch government in verdict on austerity - VILNIUS (Reuters) - Lithuanias opposition prepared to take power on Monday after voters rejected the austerity-minded government, a foretaste of what may await other European leaders forced to make unpopular cuts by the financial crisis.
Prehistoric man ate panda, claims scientist. Excavated panda fossils show early humans used the bears as food in what is now south-west China, says Chinese scientist
British computer hacker Gary McKinnon will not be extradited to the US
For eight months, starting last November, he was the prime minister of his native country, Somalia, one of the most chaotic nations on earth. And then, as suddenly as he had left, he was back in his cubicle at the Transportation Department in Buffalo, NY
Starbucks paid no tax on UK earnings in the past three years: The coffee chain company has used legal tax-avoidance tactics to pay as little as possible, paying 8.6m in taxes on a reported 3bn in UK sales since 1998, and nothing in the past three years. Is this OK?
Indian baby suffers horrendous burns in shocking dowry dispute:  An Indian woman has died and her 13-month-old daughter suffered horrendous burns after her husband and father-in-law set them on fire as they slept, in a dispute over a dowry payment. 
The Jewish majority is history:
The governments acknowledgement that Jews are a minority in this land means one thing only: Apartheid is here. In other words, in the territory under Israels jurisdiction a situation of apartheid exists. A Jewish minority rules over an Arab majority.
Wests free speech stand bars blasphemy ban - OIC - ISTANBUL, Oct 15 (Reuters) - Western opposition has made it impossible for Muslim states to obtain a ban on blasphemy, including anti-Islamic videos and cartoons that have touched off deadly riots, the Islamic worlds top diplomat said.
Mali: Girl in Timbuktu whipped for speaking to men - BAMAKO, Mali (AP) -- A teenaged girl received 60 lashes in Timbuktu after Islamist extremists convicted her of speaking to men on the street.
STRATFOR: Egypt Is Prepared To Bomb All Of Ethiopias Nile Dams
Cardboard bike is a game changer in Africa - Telegraph
1,400 evacuated in Germany after Kraft Foods leak 
Historically Neutral Swiss Prepare Army for European Economic Meltdown and Civic Unrest
Israel urged to protect West Bank olive trees after settler attacks. More than 870 trees vandalised in first week of harvest this month, according to UN
Guinea-Bissau: How Cocaine Transformed a Tiny African Nation
Doctors and Nurses Forced to Pick Cotton in Uzbekistan 
Russias Medvedev calls for ban of tobacco ads
Syria: Rebels losing support in Aleppo. As the conflict deteriorates, many residents are losing patience with an increasingly violent and unrecognizable opposition.
The European Union has banned imports of natural gas from Iran.
British computer hacker Gary McKinnon will not be extradited to the US, Home Secretary Theresa May has announced.
Girl Shot by Taliban Arrives in Britain For Treatment - NYTimes.com
Western spies get discreetly involved in Syria
I didnt even know this was feasible. Ghana seizes Argentinian war ship due to a court order from a hedge fund stating that Argentina still owes money from defaulted loans. 
Cuba Scraps Exit Visa Requirement - HAVANA (AP)  The Cuban government announced Tuesday that it will no longer require islanders to apply for an exit visa, eliminating a much-loathed bureaucratic procedure that has been a major impediment for many seeking to travel overseas.
When the Arab Jews Fled - WSJ.com
Nigel Farage and the Euro: The idea that we should take all these different countries in Europe, force them together against their democratic will, and put them under the control of people like Herman Van Rompuy is, frankly, beyond belief. These are very, very dangerous, bad people
Chinese Navy Warships Pass Waters Near Okinawa Island
Chinese companies will be able to sue Canada in secret for trying to protect the Canadian environment if FIPPA (Canada-China Foreign Investment Promotion and Protection Act) passes!
Afghan girl beheaded for refusing prostitution. Afghan police have arrested four people who allegedly tried to force a woman into prostitution and beheaded her when she refused
Gunmen kill polio vaccinator in Pakistan - 
The vaccinator was shot dead, highlighting opposition to the  program.  The Taliban have banned immunizations, condemning the campaign as a cover for espionage since a Pakistani doctor  helped CIA track down Osama bin Laden using a vaccination program.
Blind Man Tasered - UK Police Mistake Stick For Sword: Stroke victim Colin Farmer, 61, was hit with a 50,000 volt Taser gun after police mistook his white stick for a samurai sword
Taliban Demands Unbiased Coverage of Its Attempted Murder of a 14-Year-Old Girl
North Korean leaders wife not seen in over 40 days. Not wearing Kim Il-Sung badge cited for disappearance.
French President to attempt to ban homework.
Rhino poaching hits record numbers in South Africa
Evidence of mass murder after Gaddafis death
A Canadian border guard has been shot at the Peace Arch U.S.-Canada crossing.
Canadian government knew of plans to dump iron into the Pacific
Coffee giant Starbucks has reportedly only paid $14m in corporation tax in the UK since 1998, and nothing in the past three years, despite racking up sales of more than $4.8bn.
Corruption Continues Virtually Unchecked in Greece 
May says No to US over computer hacker  McKinnon extradition - 
Shock decision hailed as significant milestone for those who have campaigned against Britains extradition agreement with the US.
If a man is not an oligarch, something is not right with him. An excerpt from Plutocrats: The Rise of the New Global Super-Rich and the Fall of Everyone Else
Scotland Yard bans visible tattoos on officers
Death rate falls to lowest ever in England and Wales
An interesting little experiment on sexual harassment here in Egypt
Chinese public opinion growing increasingly hostile to the world, new survey shows.
Europe Has Worst Grape Harvest in Half Century - 
Drought, frost &amp; hail ravaged  harvest, which is expected to slump by 20% compared 2011. Italys grape crop dropped 7%.  The European wine harvest automatically has a global impact since it accounts for 62% of worldwide wine production.
Iran upset over the European Unions decision to shut down all 19 Iranian satellite channels carried by Eutelsat, including Press TV
Pope condemns Pussy Riot
Horrific use of child soldiers rising in Colombia, report finds
The Malala Yousafzai Saga: Like Father, Like Daughter. As the world is astonished by the bravery of the young Pakistani girl, attention is being given to the man whose ambitions inspired her courage
Theologists, Philosophers and Scientists to debate the origin of the universe at CERN
Soldier sacked by the army 72 hours before he gets his full pension
Pussy Riot band members sent to remote prison camps. Maria Alyokhina and Nadezhda Tolokonnikova to serve sentences in Russias harshest prisons in Perm and Mordovia.
Worlds oldest survivor of Auschwitz dies at 108
Scientists await verdict in Italy quake trial:  Seismologists face four years in jail if found guilty, in a case that has sparked outrage in the scientific community.
Voters in Iceland back new constitution, more control of natural resources such as fish and geothermal energy.
WWF brings Russian bison back:  WWF brings Europes largest land mammal, nearly extinct, back to woodlands of North Caucasus.
A Pakistani man who was acquitted of a blasphemy charge has been shot dead by two men in Punjab province
IMFs epic plan to conjure away debt and dethrone bankers: So there is a magic wand after all. A revolutionary paper by the IMF claims that one could eliminate the net public debt of the US at a stroke, and by implication do the same for Britain, Germany, Italy, or Japan
Morocco denies destruction by Salafi Muslims of pagan rock carving
Rhino slaughter in South Africa sets savage pace: Poachers have killed 455 rhinos so far this year in South Africa -- more than half in a single national park -- topping last years mark of 448
Former banker Greg Smith says focus at bank [Goldmans] was to sell the most complex product to the least sophisticated investor.
As world helps shot Pakistani girl, Afghans ask what about us?: The global attention bestowed on a Pakistani schoolgirl shot by the Taliban has sparked outcry amongst many Afghans dismayed by what they say is the unequal response to the plight of their women and children
Evidence of Viking Outpost Found in Canada -  Digging in the ruins of a centuries-old building, archaeologists found some very intriguing whetstones. Wear grooves bear traces of copper alloys such as bronzematerials known to have been made by Viking metalsmiths but unknown among native inhabitants.
Europes lost generation costs 153bn a year, study finds: EU agency estimates cost in state welfare and lost production of 14 million young adults not in employment, education or training
BBC News - LAquila quake: Italy scientists face trial verdict
Large majority of Germans back govts decision to phase out nuclear power -  Germanys grid operators announced  that a surcharge on households electricity prices financing the expansion of renewable energies will increase by 47% starting in January. 
Northern Ghana has six witch camps that have been in existence for more than 100 years, accommodating 800 accused witches  almost all of them women.
Irans judiciary has blocked a request by Mahmoud Ahmadinejad to visit Tehrans Evin prison, where a top presidential aide is being held
Scientists link deep wells to deadly Spain quake
Men accused of rucksack bomb plot. Three Birmingham men have gone on trial accused of planning a bomb campaign prosecutors say may have been bigger than the 7 July London attacks. 
Okinawa legislators protest alleged rape by US sailors.
Separatists win Basque election in Spain - exit polls.
Canada: XL Foods dumps E.coli tainted meat at landfill
S. Korea Prepares to Evacuate DMZ Citizens
UK risks undermining human rights legislation, Europes top judge warns
Memorial to Forgotten Holocaust Opens in Germany for 500,000 Gypsies Also Slaughtered by Nazis  Forward.com
French far-right group attacks and occupies mosque, and issued a declaration of war against what it called the Islamization of France.
Entire Indian tribe threatens to commit mass suicide after Brazil court rules they must leave land
David Attenborough: US politicians duck climate change because of cost
Satellite images show gulags still operational in North Korea
Caribbean debt crisis has islands considering taxes on hedge funds
Lost Beethoven Hymn Unearthed - A previously unknown Beethoven arrangement for an ancient hymn has been uncovered after 192 years
Greek Unemployed Cut Off From Medical Treatment - Until recently, Greece had a typical European health system offering universal care, but the unemployed are now often left on their own if they get sick.
 No Toilet, No Bride  - Rural sanitation minister accused by Hindu fundamentalists of skewing rural marriage market with slogan.  Hes also drawing ire for deeming toilets a higher priority than temples &amp; telling  parents of marriageable daughters to reject in-laws without indoor sanitation.
US, Israel Hold Largest-Ever Joint Military Drill
Austrian incest rapist Fritzl divorces: report. Josef Fritzl, who held his daughter captive in a cellar for 24 years and fathered seven children with her, has divorced his wife of 52 years for failing to visit him in prison, a magazine reported on Thursday.
North Korea executing military leaders by mortar fire
 Olympics boosts UK economy out of recession.
 Africa could avoid food shortages if it reduces the tangled web of rules, fees and high costs strangling regional food trade and by putting large swathes of uncultivated land to productive use, a World Bank report said on Wednesday.
A Polish photographer, Wilhelm Brasse was arrested and sent to Auschwitz early in World War II, he was put to work documenting his fellow prisoners, an emotionally devastating task that tormented him long after his liberation.
Sudan threatens retaliation over alleged Israeli air strike
Arsen Ostrovsky: My Country is Under Attack. Do You Care? 
School of hard facts: why the British government is promoting knowledge over skills in schools
The Qatar conundrum: The Emirate that arms Syrias rebels also embraces Hamas
Dutch warship destroys pirate mother ship
Japan sees new Chinese activity near islands - China accused of sending four ships and also increasing air operations in disputed East China Sea waters.
Syrian Rebels agree to 4-day ceasefire in light of holidays.
British female medic, Royal Marine and Afghan policeman killed in Afghanistan shooting
Orangutan survives after being shot 100 times
Ford says 4,000 to lose jobs in Belgium 
Ashok Khemka, a bureaucrat in India, has been transferred out of his job 43 times because of his determination to follow the rules and whistleblowing. A senior career bureaucrat, he simply cannot tolerate corruption, and so, in every job he takes, he does his best to put a stop to it.
North Korean army minister executed with mortar round. Kim Chol was forced to stand on a spot that had been zeroed in for a mortar round and obliterated.
The U.K. thinks a strike on Iran would be illegal, denies U.S. access to its bases
Opinion poll shows 43% of French people see Islam as a threat to national identity, with two-thirds saying Muslims are poorly integrated into society
British ExxonMobil oil chief assassinated in Brussels street  - Telegraph
Hitler told senior Nazis that everyone has lied to me, everyone has deceived me just eight days before he killed himself in his bunker, according to newly disclosed documents.
China Outraged Over Picture of Teacher Hurting Pupil - Police detain 2 teachers after photo  circulates online showing one of them lifting a pupil by his ears
Britain rejects US request to use UK bases in nuclear standoff with Iran
What Sex Means for World Peace - The evidence is clear: The best predictor of a states stability is how its women are treated.
A victory for self-defence, but only a partial one: After 15 months in legal limbo, a Toronto man who defended himself and his loved ones is a free man. Moses Mahilal stabbed an intruder in his home with a kitchen knife.. and was charged with aggravated assault
Through Her Sisters Eyes -- This seemingly magical ability -- to see through each others eyes, to feel what the other experiences, perhaps even to share thoughts -- has stunned neurologists and makes these tiny girls unique in the world.
New York Times blocked by China after report on wealth of Wen Jiabaos family.
President Vladimir Putin flatly rejected on Thursday Western criticism of the imprisonment of the Pussy Riot punk protest band, saying its three female members deserved their fate because they threatened the moral foundations of Russia.
New York Times blocked in China over Wen Jiabao wealth revelations. Unwelcome revelations about wealth of family of Chinese premier, known for his humble background and populist appeal
Billions in Hidden Riches for Family of Chinese Leader
Suicide bomber kills 20 in Afghan mosque 
What Are the Odds That Israel Just Attacked Sudan? - Armin Rosen - The Atlantic
Ben Goldacre: Closed drug trials leave patients at risk and doctors in the dark: Drug companies can hide information about their drugs from doctors and patients, perfectly legally, with the help of regulators 
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi sentenced to 4 years in jail in tax fraud trial.
Milan court convicts Berlusconi of tax evasion, gives 4-year sentence
UN to investigate civilian deaths from US drone strikes. Special rapporteur on counter-terror operations condemns Barack Obamas failure to establish effective monitoring process
The British government opposed the establishment of the Nuremberg war crimes tribunals at the end of the WWll because it wanted selected Nazi leaders to be summarily executed and others to be imprisoned without trial
Malalas parents overjoyed after first visit in UK hospital 
Hundreds of homes burned and gunfire rang out as sectarian violence raged for a fifth day between Rohingya Muslims and Buddhists in western Myanmar on Thursday, pushing the death toll to nearly 60 and testing the countrys nascent democracy
After the biggest double dip since WW2, the UK is officially out of recession
Amsterdam will not ban tourists from coffee shops, says mayor
France deports radical imam for advocating holy war, violence against women
Argentina lowers voting age to 16
Nigerian state makes it a crime to accuse children of witchcraft or sorcery
Israel Fesses Up to Killing Arafat Deputy in 1988
Sweden pays jobless youth to move to Norway 
The global gap between rich and poor is at its highest level for 20 years and is growing
Iran Offers to Send Emergency Aid Team to Hurricane Stricken New York
Waves of anger: Japan tsunami victim aid spent on whalers, officials and fighter pilots
Have Indias poor become human guinea pigs?
Language skills: Scandinavia tops the list of countries in the world (none native english speakers) when it comes to English skills | The Economist
Europes oldest prehistoric town unearthed in Bulgaria - The walled fortified settlement, near the modern town of Provadia, is thought to have been an important centre for salt production.
Archaeologist says prehistoric town unearthed in Bulgaria is the oldest urban settlement found to date in Europe
Russia Set To Redefine Treason, Sparking Fears
Russia internet censorship law takes effect
Dead Sea Shrinking at Record Rate - Water loss  prompts calls for Israel &amp; Jordan to stop fertilizer makers from siphoning so much of the water whose restorative powers have attracted visitors since biblical times.  1/2 the drop  caused by Israel Chemicals Ltd. &amp; Jordans Arab Potash Co.
Bank of England director: Occupy was right
Wary of Future, Professionals Leave China in Droves
Nervous on the Nile: Minorities Fear End of Secularism in Egypt - Taking office as Egypts president, Morsi pledged a pluralist policy respecting rights of women &amp; non-Muslim minorities. But his actions show he plans to replace his predecessors secularist dictatorship with an Islamist one.
 Nearly 60,000 people have perished since 2006 in the Mexican governments military-led offensive against the countrys drug cartels.
 China proposes new initiatives for Syria ceasefire:  China said on Thursday it had proposed a new initiative to head off an escalation of violence in Syria, including a phased, region-by-region ceasefire and the establishment of a transitional governing body.
Mexico smugglers car gets stuck atop US border fence
Iran Offers to Send Emergency Aid Team to Hurricane Stricken New York - NYTimes.com
Britons Abandon Thousands of Pets Amid Economic Pain - Nearly 16,000 more animals were abandoned last year than in 2007 &amp; convictions for animal cruelty rose 23.5% in the last 5 years
India: Nearly 300 Wild Elephant Deaths in Orissa, Over 1/3 Killed by Electric Shock &amp; Hanging Electricity Wires -  Other causes of deaths  include poaching, poisoning by farmers, &amp; being hit by trains.  Shrinking habitat has led to conflict with people &amp; the deaths of many of the protected animals.
The girl was 16. She was raped by men from a higher caste, and her father committed suicide from the shame. The reaction of her community? To call for a change in the age of consent
Methane warning in New Zealand mine was ignored 21 times before the 2010 explosion that killed 29 workers
Germany is leading a growing European movement to let newspaper publishers charge internet search engines for displaying links to their articles -- a move market-leader Google warns could cause an internet news blackout.
HSBC fears U.S. money laundering fines to top $1.5 billion
Tortured to death by Putins jackboot state: Inside the rat-infested Gestapo-like Russian prison where eight guards beat lawyer who exposed Moscows gangster regime
Pakistani couple arrested over acid attack on daughter
Pakistani Taliban target female students with acid to their faces in hopes to deter them from education
High quality Afghan saffron is repackaged as Iranian product, causing the price of the spice to plummet, causing farmers to switch to poppy harvesting to make ends meet
Despite billions of dollars spent, Japans American made missile defenses were unable to track N. Koreas April missile launch - that crashed into the ocean. 
Syrian army shells Damascus Palestinian camp, killing at least 20
Mexican officials capture key lieutenant of Sinaloa drug cartel
South Korea has shut down two nuclear reactors after it was revealed that some parts used had not been properly vetted, an official says.
A new policy in India: people will shout, beat drums or blow a whistle if they see anyone urinating or defecating in the open.
Palestinian leader violates taboo on refugees. The Palestinian president has set off a strident debate by shattering a once-inviolable taboo, publicly suggesting his people would have to relinquish claims to ancestral homes in Israel.
South Korea Hopes Gangnam Style will Boost nations economy
China Diabetes Triples Creating $3.2 Billion Drug Market
3 Japanese Tourists Die on Great Wall of China - They were trapped in sudden heavy snowstorms overnight.  Unusually early storms caused Beijing to issue its 2nd-highest blizzard alert.  In 24 hrs,  5.8 cm (2.3 ins) of rain &amp; snow fell, trapping 100s of cars.
Gunfire heard near Turkish PMs office 
Children with no state in UK
Frances governing Socialist Party hit back hard at the Roman Catholic Church on Sunday for campaigning against its plan to legalize same-sex marriage, heralding a bruising debate over the issue.
Evidently, Israel Already Tried to Attack Iran
Sir David Attenborough picks 10 animals he would take on his ark
Chinese Patrol Boats Relentlessly Harass Japanese Coast Guard Many Times a Week in Island Dispute - Chinese ships push within hailing distance of Japans &amp; flash signs claiming the islands. China says its chased them away at least once, but Japan denies it. 
Kuwaiti security forces fired tear gas to disperse an unauthorized demonstration on Sunday by thousands of opposition supporters against new voting rules for parliamentary elections on December 1.
Russian minister: No need for U.N. resolution to end violence in Syria
Harassers of women in Cairo now face wrath of vigilantes. More and more groups are emerging to make protecting women  and shaming the do-nothing police  a cause
Skype illegally distributed a users personal information to a private company during a Dutch police investigation into Anonymous-sanctioned cyberattacks on PayPal
The worlds rarest whale, known until 
now just by three partial skulls,  seen 
for first time
Israel has announced plans to press ahead with construction of 1,213 homes on annexed West Bank land, defying international opposition to its settlement policies
Malawi suspends laws against homosexual relationships
Scots Farmers to Reap Solar Power Harvest - News of bringing solar power to Scotland on a large scale comes days after the govt announced new target to meet 1/2 Scotlands electricity needs from renewable sources by 2015. Its aim is to become 100% renewable by 2020.
Murdered Briton Neil Heywood was MI6 informant - The British businessman murdered in China, regularly provided information on Bo Xilai, the powerful politician, to MI6 before he was killed. 
Russian attack sub detected near U.S. East Coast
Chinese court sentences drug gang to death
Montreal mayor, Gerald Tremblay resigns amid corruption allegations
Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa, is spending the equivalent of $23.5 Million taxpayers money to build himself a homestead complete with an underground bunker.
Britains highest earners pocket twenty times more tax relief on pension contributions than ordinary workers 
North Korea Threatens War at UN Assembly, Withdraws from NPT
Moscow pledges to stop arms shipments to Syria 
Indian Officer builds 100-km long road to connect an inaccessible village without government help..  
Ed Miliband has unveiled plans to deliver a living wage of at least 7.45 per hour for millions of people, if Labour wins the next election.
Boeing to clinch $2.4 billion Indian Air Force deal over Russian Mi-26
UK and Germany agree tax crackdown on multinational companies
Global Domination? Whoa, Canada!: [T]here is a new and unfamiliar wind blowing in the North--one of national ambition and passionate, even aggressive, patriotism. Its proponents seek to transform Canada from the polite and accommodating country...into a major, muscular force on the world stage.
Canadas legal hemp industry growing
Greek workers stage mass anti-austerity walkout
A Dying Model: Chinese Capitalism-- Chinas economic growth has been based on the intense exploitation of a large cheap labor force, unusually high investment rates, and exports to western markets. 
Egyptian Vigilantes Crack Down on Abuse of Women - NYTimes.com
Report says Syrian generals defect to Turkey
Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed Defence Minister Anatoly Serdyukov on Tuesday after the ministry was drawn in to an investigation into allegations of fraudulent sales of military assets.
Cipla, the Indian drug company that cut prices of cancer drugs earlier this year, slashes prices of three more cancer drugs by 63%...
Five Muslim extremists attacked a gay club in Paris beating the bouncers and spraying some attendants, including the vice president of IDAHO, with tear gas
UK campaigners call for Nobel Prize for shot Pakistani girl. Tens of thousands of Britons called on the government on Friday to nominate Malala Yousufzai, a Pakistani girl shot in the head by the Taliban for advocating girls education, for the Nobel Peace Prize.
| Reuters
Chavez to Obama: forget global wars, fix domestic woes. The U.S. governments chief antagonist in Latin America, Hugo Chavez of Venezuela, has advised newly re-elected U.S. President Barack Obama to avoid further entanglement in international conflicts and concentrate on fixing internal problems.
Viagra patent tossed out by Supreme Court. Canadas top court has ruled that Pfizers patent on its groundbreaking erectile dysfunction drug Viagra is void.
How to Rob Africa:
Why does the Western world feed Africa with one hand while looking the other way when billions in dirty money from corruption is channeled into bank accounts in Europe and the US.
FIRST ON CNN:  Iranian jets fire on U.S. drone  CNN Security Clearance - CNN.com Blogs
Forget batteries: scientists major breakthrough on how to best produce hydrogen for clean and renewable energy.
North Korea has over 1 million cell phone users. People receive daily texts from government propaganda, are not allowed to make outside calls to other nations, and can only call users part of North Koreas network. 
A mafia war is brewing in Montreal. A graft probe that cost the mayor his job and a string of killings in Quebecs biggest city are exposing deep mob connections.
2,400 year-old Thracian gold hoard found in Bulgaria. Beautiful and priceless artifacts...
Iran fired on US drone
Venezuela repays nearly half of $36 bln in Chinese loans
Iran accused of torturing blogger to death: 
Sattar Beheshtis family told of his death in prison a week after he was arrested for criticising Iran on Facebook
Australia comes to its senses, abandons Internet filtering regime
Anders Behring Breiviks prison conditions inhumane.
Assad: There is no civil war in Syria. Syrias president insists there is no civil war in his country - rather, a new kind of battle he calls terrorism through proxies.
Pakistani girl, 9, awarded as compensation in dispute 
Nearly half of Britons would vote in a referendum to leave the European Union and less than a third to stay in, according to a poll highlighting divisions facing Prime Minister David Cameron.
Fake Wine Hoard Found in China - Police find 10,000 bottles labelled Chateau Lafite Rothschild, one of the worlds most expensive wines, in a deserted house.  The owner of the house was surprised by the find. 70% of Chateau Lafite sold in China are fakes.
Irans Ahmadinejad says anyone stockpiling atom bombs retarded
| Reuters
Obama victory infuriates Pakistani drone victims
Kyoto protocol: Australia signs up to second phase
Mass protest fills downtown Buenos Aires
The Palestinian Authority circulated a draft resolution to U.N. member states on Wednesday that calls for upgrading its U.N. status to that of an observer state despite U.S. and Israeli suggestions that the Palestinians could face retaliatory moves.
Mexico lawmaker introduces bill to legalize marijuana. A leftist Mexican lawmaker on Thursday presented a bill to legalize the production, sale and use of marijuana, adding to a growing chorus of Latin American politicians who are rejecting the prohibitionist policies of the United States.
Gaza cease-fire collapses, Egypt PM backs Palestinians as Israel drafts 16,000 reservists
Gaza crisis: Tel Aviv targeted by missiles.
Hong Kong seizes $1.4m of illegal ivory - Customs officers in Hong Kong confiscate 569 pieces of illegal elephant ivory, their second major seizure of tusks in a month
Growing concerns over in the air transmission of Ebola - Canadian scientists find the deadliest form of the virus can be transmitted by air. It goes  from pigs to monkeys with no direct contact.  There are accounts of pigs dying at the start of human outbreaks. 
Egyptian leaders have promised to support Gaza against Israeli attacks
Kenyan information minister leads an IT revolution:  Since Bitange Ndemo got Kenya hooked up to high-speed Internet, there has been no stopping his cyber-progress. A Silicon Savannah is now flourishing.
Israel And Gaza On Brink Of War As Tanks Amass At Border
BP to Admit Crimes and Pay $4.5 Billion in Gulf Settlement - The British oil company said it would pay $4.5 billion in fines and other payments to the government and plead guilty to 14 criminal charges in connection with the giant oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico two years ago.
The Federal Court of Justice in Germany has ruled that the parents of a 13-year-old were not responsible for their sons illegal file sharing and do not have to pay a fine. The decision overturns a previous ruling. 
Australia declares worlds largest marine reserve - formally creates the worlds largest network of marine reserves, protecting oceans around its coast.
Egypt PM decries Gaza aggression by Israel - Middle East - Al Jazeera English
Hague war court acquits Croat Generals Gotovina and Marka over the killing of hundreds of ethnic Serbs in an operation to retake Croatias Krajina region in 1995
Hamas armed wing fires long-range rocket at Israeli Knesset in Jerusalem
Ireland abortion row: India summons Irish envoy --  Voicing concern and angst over the death of an Indian woman who was denied an abortion by doctors in Ireland, India summoned the Irish Ambassador &amp; hoped that the inquiry into the incident would be independent.
Trafficking: The ordeal of a Moscow shop slave. Whenever the girls ran away from there, they would be caught [by the local police] and horribly beaten up
Thousands rally in Egypt against Israel offensive. The demonstrations come on the day that Egypts prime minister, Hesham Kandil, traveled to Gaza in a symbolic show of support for the territorys Hamas rulers.
Israeli Tanks and Troops Move Toward Gaza Border
Rockets pound Israel, Gaza as Netanyahu alleges double war crime
Hard numbers on terrorism invalidate current policies
Chinas richest man Zong Qing Hou: Wealth gap is huge problem
Jamaica to abolish flogging punishment - Law allowing flogging and whipping of prisoners is preventing government from ratifying UN torture convention, says minister
Multibillion-dollar Global Fund fires internal watchdog whose office found financial losses. It said that had terminated the employment of Inspector General after a careful review of his performance, which was found to be unsatisfactory
Ikea admits political prisoners made its furniture, apologises
Horrible Citizens: The Life of Greeces One Percent - The Greek economy has been tanking for years now as the country struggles to balance its budget by imposing deep austerity measures. But the countrys richest residents havent noticed. Many arent taxed at all 
Turkish Prime Minister: I say that Israel is a terrorist state, and its acts are terrorist acts
Cuban transsexual elected to public office. Adela Hernandez, jailed for dangerousness in the 1980s, becomes first transgender person to hold public office in Cuba
Nigeria: An oil spill at an ExxonMobil facility offshore from the Niger Delta has spread at least 20 miles from its source, coating waters used by fishermen in a film of sludge.
Hamas [will] agree to a ceasefire only after Israel stops its aggression, ends its policy of targeted assassinations and lifts the blockade of Gaza.
Egypt liberals quit assembly drafting constitution.  number of liberal politicians withdrew on Sunday from the Islamist-dominated assembly drafting Egypts new constitution, saying they were not given the opportunity to discuss articles and their suggestions were being ignored.
Lebanese Army Dismantles Rockets Aimed at Israel
Protesting women maced, beaten on Paris streets - NSFW images
We need to flatten entire neighborhoods in Gaza. Flatten all of Gaza. The Americans didnt stop with Hiroshima  the Japanese werent surrendering fast enough, so they hit Nagasaki, too.
BBC News - Obama: Israel has right to defend itself
Gaza death toll now at 77 after 6 days of violence
14 Tasmanian Devils Free From a Contagious Facial Tumor Disease to be Moved to Own Island - Their plight is so dire Australian authorities are breeding an insurance population to ensure they dont die out. Their numbers have dropped 91% since the disease appeared in 1996.
A video obtained by Reuters shows Nigerian troops shooting unarmed captives in broad daylight by the roadside in the northeastern city of Maiduguri, the bastion of an Islamist insurgency.
| Reuters
Spain to Offer Residency to Foreign House Buyers - if they buy houses worth over 160,000 ($200,000) as part of an attempt to reduce the countrys bloated stock of unsold homes. Spain has over 700,000 unsold houses following the collapse of its real estate market in 2008.
Woman in India arrested for criticizing local politician, charged with hurting religious sentiments
Hamas: Rockets will stop when Gaza borders are opened
World Bank Warns Of Catastrophic Effects From 4 Degree Warming: The World Bank warned that global temperatures could rise by four degrees this century without immediate action, with potentially devastating consequences for coastal cities and the poor
Europes New Fascists
You can now get arrested for your comments and likes on Facebook???
 When the Pope announced he was transferring his respected sex crimes prosecutor to Malta to become a bishop, Vatican watchers immediately questioned whether the Holy Sees tough line on clerical abuse was going soft  and if another outspoken cleric was being punished for doing his job too well.
 Death toll rises as Israeli military assaults Gaza Strip: Israeli airstrikes on the Gaza Strip on Sunday killed at least 10 members of one family, including a mother and her four children, and struck two buildings used by journalists
Restaurateur Gets 90 Days In Jail For Criminally Libelling Author Of Bad Review
The system of so-called shadow banking, blamed by some for aggravating the global financial crisis, grew to a new high of $67 trillion globally last year, a top regulatory group said, calling for tighter control of the sector.
95% of Australian voters support Royal Commission into child abuse
French government to spend 580 million on a new airport next to one that some claim is only being used at 50% of its capacity, with 2000 hectares of farmland set to be destroyed
Angry Chinese Protesters Overturn Police Vans 
Hamas executes six suspected collaborators with Israel; body dragged through street - San Jose Mercury News
Moscow bans protest against political repressions due to lack of political repression
After 8 more rhinos were slaughtered over the weekend, South African army deployed to assist in the war against poaching.  So far a staggering 570 rhinos have been killed this year within the countrys borders.
Marijuana legalization or decriminalization backed by most Canadians: poll - thestar.com
B.C Marijuana tax could net billions if pot is Legalized
Dutch govt scraps `weed pass for coffee shops. Dope-selling coffee shops in Amsterdam wont be shutting their doors to foreign visitors, a huge relief to the hundreds of thousands of tourists who enjoy a toke or two in the Dutch capital alongside their excursions on the canals and to the museums.
National anguish at death of five Chinese street children: The deaths of five street children who poisoned themselves after lighting a fire to fend off the cold have triggered an outpouring of online grief and reinforced a national debate over Chinas growing wealth gap. 
India hangs Mumbai gunman Ajmal Kasab
The video of a teenage girls random assault that has London up in arms. British police have released this very disturbing video, reportedly captured by a nearby closed-circuit camera, of a man attacking a 16-year-old girl for what authorities say is no discernible reason.
Norway to cull the 25 wolves in their country
Volcano erupts in new zealand.
Mohammed Kasab, the sole surviving gunman from the 2008 Mumbai attacks, has been hanged in an Indian prison
Iranian news agency says the head of Irans powerful Revolutionary Guard has disclosed his country has given fighters in Gaza the ability to produce longer-range missiles on their own, without direct shipments
Iran says Palestinians in the Gaza Strip should be equipped to defend themselves against Israel.
Worlds Most Expensive Coffee, Made of Feces, is Tainted by Horrific Civet Abuse - Theyre kept in tiny cages, separated from their young, &amp; force-fed only coffee cherries. Kopi Luwak surged in popularity since 2007 film The Bucket List (x-post from r/nature)
Singapore taxi driver returns $900k left by passengers
A Pakistan court threw out all charges against a Christian girl accused of blasphemy in a case that drew international condemnation
New Zealands Lord of the Rings Volcano Erupts
A French news magazine has accused the US government of hacking into the office of Nicolas Sarkozy in the final weeks of his presidency of France.
Iraqi-Kurd tensions soar after firefight. A shootout over an unpaid gasoline bill in this small but hotly contested town has sent tensions soaring between the Iraqi government in Baghdad and the northern region of Kurdistan, threatening to ignite the Arab-Kurdish conflict that many have long feared.
Libya: Benghazi police chief assassinated
NATO says Turkey has asked for missile defense against Syria
Dozens who protested in Yemen during Arab Spring still missing
Melbourne bus racist abuse video puts Australian attitudes on trial
Violence Against Women in Latin America: Getting Worse - Femicides in Mexico, Guatemala, &amp; Honduras have all shot up, some of the highest rates in the world.  El Salvador has  biggest spike, with 637 women murdered in 2011, almost quadruple  from a decade ago. 
Egypt protesters set fire to Muslim Brotherhood offices
65%  of Canadians over 18 support either pot legalization &amp; taxation, or the decriminalization of small amounts of marijuana - I think we have to recognize 1st &amp; foremost  the war on drugs, as it exists, doesnt work. Legalization is a smart policy for the Liberal Party.
Saudi Arabia now electronically monitoring women, letting male family members know when they try to leave the country
Mexico City: Now One of Safest Places in Mexico - Once infamous for its pollution, lawlessness, &amp; chaos,  its at the vanguard of ecological &amp; civic change.  Abortion, gay marriage, &amp; gay adoption is legalized. Outsiders who once viewed the city as terrorizing, now want to visit, to live here.
A Dubai court has sentenced an Irish man and British woman to three months in jail for an intimate encounter in the back of a taxi.
Muslim Man to Open Mosque for Gays in France
Delhi government widens ban on plastic: Plastic is an environmental disaster
A teenage girl in the Indian capital Delhi has been shot dead by a man after she objected to him urinating near the gate of her family home, police said.
Israeli soldiers open fire in Gaza buffer zone - 1 killed, 10 injured
BBC News - Egypts President Mursi assumes sweeping powers
Pakistan will suspend cellphone services in most parts of the country over the next 2 days to prevent attacks against Shias Muslims during Muharram - Militants detonate bombs using cell phones. The govt has never suspended service on such a wide scale for this. 
Syria forces airstrike on Aleppo Hospital: At least 40 people killed
Delhi Imposes Blanket Ban on All Plastic Bags - No use, sale, or manufacturing. No exceptions. Delhi generates 574 metric tons (1.2m lbs) of plastic waste a day. Jute is popular alternative, but not widely available. Ban on garbage bags likely to see resistance with few alternatives available. 
Mexicos President Tries to Change Countrys Name 
Opposition leaders in Egypt are calling for a million man march to protest against what they say is a coup by President Mohamed Morsi.
A rumour that a Christian man blasphemed against Islam has sparked a riot in the Nigeria 
Man stopped from peeing in public kills girl in India
Amid Protests, Spain Tries Banning Photos Of Police
In One Chinese Province, the Government Literally Paves a Highway Around Homeowners Who Refuse to Move
Anti-Morsi protesters torch Muslim Brotherhood offices
Map depicted in new Chinese passport raises diplomatic row
BBC News - Hong Kong: Former British colony fears China remake
There is only one or two legitimate ninjas left in Japan, and they are to be the last. This saddens me. 
Egypts Morsi grants himself far-reaching powers
Gaza crisis: Palestinian shot dead near border
Girl, 8, to get vaccination shots after court overrules mum (xpost from /r/NewsOfTheWeird)
Spain Intends to Back Palestinian Bid for Statehood at UN.
Wife forced to remarry husband who threw acid into her face |
	
		News.com.au
		Icelands president explains how a financial crisis should be handled: Let the banks fold. 
			Egyptian Christians sentenced to death for anti-Islam film
			Finlands education system ranked number one. #2 South Korea #3 Hong Kong. 
			Mass Cairo protest!! Demonstrators are accusing President Morsi &amp; Muslim Brotherhood of betraying last years revolution.
			On Wednesday Switzerland &amp; Denmark joined a growing list of European countries that back an upgrade for Palestinians to non-member status at the United Nations, a victory that would be a diplomatic boost to their aspirations for statehood
			Citing hunt for pedophiles, Dutch government to make refusing to help decrypt computer a crime -- The Dutch government says it is planning to make it a crime for a suspect in a child sex abuse or terrorism case to refuse to help decrypt a computer when ordered to do so by prosecutors.
			Deforestation in Brazils Amazon rainforest has dropped to its lowest level in 24 years, the government said Tuesday.
			Owner of TVShack, UK student Richard ODwyer avoids extradition
			Why the Fate of Humanity Rests on a Chinese Middle-Schoolers Test Scores
			Germany will not back Palestinian U.N. bid
			Dirty War Against Africas Rhinos - In 2007, 13 rhino were poached in S Africa.  This year, 585 were slain  by organized gangs smuggling horns to Asia.  They recruit triggermen with military backgrounds equipped with silencers &amp; night vision. Helicopters, flying below  radar, get poachers in &amp; out. 
			Spain to recognize Palestinian state at UN
			Three mid-level managers arrested in connection to the Bangladesh factory blaze which killed over 100 workers. Survivors told us that they did not allow the workers to escape the fire, saying that it was a routine fire drill. There are also allegations that they even padlocked doors.
			Kabul Bank audit reveals the bank as a massive Ponzi scheme
			Is the world ignoring the Congo war?
			Why Finlands Unorthodox Education System Is The Best In The World
			Particles for Peace: Iranian, Israeli, Turkish and Arab Physicists Lay Plans for a Joint Particle Accelerator | Observations, Scientific American Blog Network
			Life discovered in ancient polar lake
			Palestinians Predict Historic UN Vote on Statehood
			Hundreds of millions of dollars from Kabul Bank were spirited out of Afghanistan  some smuggled in airline food trays to bank accounts in more than two dozen countries,  revealed in a report  about massive fraud that led to the collapse of the nations largest financial institution
			Largest trial of Dirty War crimes starts in Argentina: Sixty-eight former officials face 800 charges of kidnap, torture and murder
			William Hague says UK set to abstain in Palestinian UN vote
Canada creates $5,000 cap on liability for file sharing lawsuits
Internet and Mobile Has Been Cut Off in Syria 
Swedish drunk MP falls over with his wheelchair and is helped by immigrants. He then calls the police saying the immigrants stole his backpack, which he in reality had forgotten at the bar...
Palestinians set to win statehood recognition in UN vote
Good News For Animal Lovers: Factory Farmings Days May Be Numbered: In a stunning victory for humane farming, Australias largest supermarket chain, Coles, will as of January 1 stop selling company branded pork and eggs from animals kept in factory farms
Bodies Found on Drifting Ship Near Japan - It was badly damaged &amp; contained faint markings on the side that appeared to be Korean characters. Some bodies had decomposed to the point where only skeletons remained.
 
 Seas rising 60% faster than UN forecast
 Dutch parliament to abolish blasphemy law: The blasphemy law was no longer relevant in the 21st century
 German man locked up over HVB bank allegations may have been telling truth.
 Women in poor countries miss up to a month of work or school per year, because they dont have access to low-cost sanitary pads.
 Polands top court has outlawed the religious slaughter of animals weeks before the EU is due to allow the practice on religious grounds. It will no longer be legal to allow animals to have their throats cut and bleed to death without first being stunned.
 The Secret to Iranian Drone Technology? Just Add Photoshop -- Earlier this month, Iran said it made a new drone that could take off and land vertically. However, the picture they released was just an altered version of a drone developed by Japans Chiba University.
 Samsung asks employees to quit getting smashed at company events
 
Bangladeshi Factory Workers Say They Were Locked In During Deadly Inferno - 
As if the story of the deadly blaze that killed 112 people in a Bangladeshi garment factory couldnt get any worse, new details suggest that somebody locked the workers in the burning building. 
Polish ruling on kosher meat angers Jews
Sweden makes gender-free toy Christmas wish come true: With a picture of a girl with a Nerf gun, a Swedish toy retailer is arming children with the ability to question outdated gender roles
A Russian businessman helping Swiss prosecutors uncover a powerful fraud syndicate has died in unexplained circumstances near his mansion in Britain, in a chilling twist to a Russian mafia scandal that has strained Moscows ties with the West.
| Reuters
Serbian village in panic after mayor warns of vampire on the loose...
EU rejects French report linking GM maize to cancer 
Three managers accused of locking gates in fire in Bangladesh factory where 100 were killed by a fire. The factory makes clothing for Wal-Mart, amongst other European chains.
Cairo court gives death penalty to Egyptian Christians tried in absentia for participating in Innocence of Muslims video
Amazon deforestation drops to record low: The new figure, a staggering 27% drop from 2011, exceeded the expectations of the Brazilian government
Germany backtracks on Palestinian UN bid, decides to abstain.
Haiti seeks $2bn to fight cholera outbreak blamed on UN soldiers - 
Government to unveil 10-year plan for water &amp; sanitisation as evidence grows that peacekeepers were source of infection
15 yr old Afghan girl has throat slit over refusal to wed
Less than 24 hours after General Assembly recognizes Palestine as non-member state, Israel responds by approving construction of 3,000new housing units in Jerusalem, West Bank
North Korea Has Found a Secret Unicorn Lair, Apparently - 
Archaeologists of the History Institute of the DPRK Academy of Social Sciences have recently reconfirmed a lair of the unicorn rode by King Tongmyong, founder of the Koguryo Kingdom, reports the  wait. Stop. UNICORNS? 
Global hacking network declares Internet war on Syria -  Anonymous says itll shut down Syrian govt websites around the world in response to a countrywide Internet blackout believed to be aimed at silencing opposition to the president.
Mexican Cartels Enslave Engineers to Build Radio Network - At least 36 engineers &amp; technicians have been kidnapped in the past 4 yrs. None of them have been held for ransom   just disappeared.   When they need specialists they catch them, use them, &amp; discard them. 
In Syria, fighting escalates as the countrys internet goes dark, and cell phone communication go down. We dont know why yet, but in the past, the Syrian government has cut off access during major operations.
Syrias Internet Blackout Explained -  Syria has 4 physical cables that connect it to the rest of the internet. 3 are undersea. The 4th is an over-land cable through Turkey. In order for a whole-country outage, all 4 wouldve had to been cut simultaneously. 
UN votes overwhelmingly to upgrade Palestines status
Attacked with acid because she spurned mens advances, then proceeds to win millions of rupees on Who Wants to be a Millionaire in India.
Whisky saves mans eyesight after being blinded by vodka
Internet and Phone Service Cut in Syria
UN General Assembly recognizes Palestine as a state 138-9 with 41 abstaining
Australians think cigarettes in the new mandatory plain packaging taste worse than they did in branded packs.
The U.N. Shouldnt Decide on an Open Internet Behind Closed Doors - The goal is to update a decades-old treaty. But certain countries seem to be attempting a quiet coup in updating it  one that could violate our rights online while leaving users less secure &amp; with slower service.
Hitlers Strange Afterlife In India
France tells UKs richest man Lakshmi Mittal: sell up or we nationalise
Qatari poet jailed for life for insulting Emir with his poem   RT
Dominique Strauss-Kahn may pay the maid who accused him of attempted rape $6 million to resolve her civil lawsuit
Philippines criticises dictatorial China  - Chinese naval patrols have been authorized to search and repel ships that illegally enter an area in the South China Sea through which much of the regions commercial vessels pass
UN Makes Palestine Non-Member Observer State
Austrian police seize servers that were part of a global anonymous browsing system, after images showing child sex abuse were found passing through them - The Onion Router (Tor)  pipes data through many different nodes to hide who is browsing what site.
Egypts new constitution: An unofficial translation
4 Reasons Britannia Rules the Waves (&amp; Wind &amp; Solar) - UK this week released a comprehensive (if complicated &amp; controversial) new energy bill that triples subsidies for non-carbon energy &amp; opened a new green bank thatll rush cash to alternative energy projects.
First Use of OMG Abbreviation Found in a 1917 Letter to Winston Churchill
Muslims Face Expulsion From Western Myanmar - Ethnic Hatred Tears Apart a Region of Myanmar
Brazil economy slows unexpectedly
North Korean prisoner born in labor camp escaped after 23 brutal years
Wal-Mart Nixed Paying Bangladesh Suppliers to Fight Fire -- At a 2011 safety meeting, Wal-Mart said paying Bangladesh suppliers more to help them upgrade their manufacturing facilities was too costly. A fire at a Bangladesh factory that made clothes for Wal-Mart killed more than 100 last month.
Scientists warn of sperm count crisis: biggest-ever study confirms drastic decline in male reproductive health
Men dont have to worry about being caught: Sex mobs target Egypts women
Brazil authorities arrest 61 police officers for taking bribes of drug-gangs: Operation Purification
18th-century French chateau bulldozed by mistake -  A Russian businessman has been left devastated after builders demolished his 18th-century French chateau among the Bordeaux vineyards, seemingly by mistake. Irate local authorities have launched an investigation. 
NATO warns Syria not to use chemical weapons, NATO told Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on Tuesday that any use of chemical weapons in his fight against encroaching rebel forces would be met by an immediate international response
Irans Revolutionary Guards are telling the United States to recount the drones in its fleet as they insist that  despite US denials  they captured a small US unmanned spy plane over Gulf waters.
Underwear Factory Fire in China Kills 14 - A fire at a garment factory in Bangladeshi last week killed 110. In Sept, a similar blaze in  Pakistan killed 289 workers.
Serbias ambassador to NATO was chatting and joking with colleagues in a parking garage at Brussels Airport when he suddenly strolled to a barrier, climbed over and flung himself 10 metres to the ground below.  By the time his shocked colleagues reached him, he was dead.
Why Africas lions are rapidly disappearing:  
Africas lion population has dwindled to 32,000, a nearly 70 percent decline in the past 50 years, according to a new survey 
High-Speed Traders Profit at Expense of Ordinary Investors, Government Study Finds
Sperm count in France falls by 33.4%
Spains unemployment is on the rise, with youth unemployment above 50%
Syrian army wears down as rebels gain territory and confidence
Egyptian presidential candidate 
Mohamed ElBaradei accused of Zionist plot to overthrow the Islamist-led government of Mohammed Mursi
40 Dead 60,000 Missing As Monster Typhoon Bopha Devastates The Philippines
New Zealand Government Admits That Order To Suppress Illegal Spying On Kim Dotcom Only Such Order Issued In 10 Years
BBC News - Serbia Nato envoy jumps to death in Brussels car park
James Cameron releases results from his deep dive
How Australia could end the Assange stalemate
All amateur football matches in the Netherlands cancelled after referee got beaten to death. 
Typhoon kills at least 283 in Philippines (Crosspost from r/globalhealth)
Snakes on a Plane: cobra forces plane into emergency landing  - Telegraph
Russia said on Wednesday respect for human rights was declining in the European Union, as part of a campaign to turn the tables on the Wests criticism of Moscows rights record.
Police and child advocates broke padlocks and busted down doors in a surprise raid of a sweatshop in India, to find a group of children imprisoned beeing forced to make Christmas decorations. The children, as young as 8 years old, were kept in rooms 6 ft by 6 ft and forced to work 19-hour days
Mexican court rules in favor of same-sex marriageMexicos Supreme Court ruled that law in Oaxaca banning same-sex marriages is unconstitutional, paving way for same-sex couples to marry in that state &amp; possibly in the rest of Mexico.
Starbucks agree to pay 10m tax in UK after customer revolt at their not paying tax at all for two years and very little for past 14 years...
A mother who beat her seven-year-old son like a dog when he failed to memorise passages of the Koran has been found guilty of his murder.
S. Korea formally dumps scientific whaling plan
Syria says chemical scare pretext for intervention
Hometown Bans Mali Legend Ali Farka Toures Music From His Home Town - Music is so much part of our culture.  I miss it.  Islamist fighters have taken over, introducing a strict social code: Females must be covered, young men cant wear loose pants, &amp; all music is banned.
 
 John McAfee arrested in Guatemala
 North America Is Region Least Likely To Suffer From Terror Attack, Researchers Say
 Egypt deploys tanks outside Morsi palace - Middle East - Al Jazeera English
 Russia: West is exaggerating Syrias chemical weapons threat
 Map: The most- and least-corrupt countries in the world
 Egyptian Islamists: Weve Won Elections, Now Democracy Isnt Good Enough? | PRIs The World
 Dogs learning to Drive in New Zealand
 China told Vietnam on Thursday to stop unilateral oil exploration in disputed areas of the South China Sea and not harass Chinese fishing boats, raising tension in protracted maritime territorial disputes with its neighbors.
 Weapons sent to Libyan rebels with U.S. approval fell into Islamist hands: [U.S.] secretly gave its blessing to arms shipments to Libyan rebels from Qatar last year, but American officials later grew alarmed as evidence grew that Qatar was turning some of the weapons over to Islamic militants
 India suspended from Olympics
 US, Russia set for surprise Syria meeting
 Sweden Recognises Massacre of Kurds at Anfal as Genocide
 Typhoon in Philippines kills 350, 400+ Missing
 Syrian Rebels: When We Finish With Assad, We Will Fight the U.S.
 BBC News - More Afghan women are reporting sexual abuse
 India and Vietnam face off with China in disputed waters
 Toxic cloud: Mass evacuation in Buenos Aires after chemical container explodes
 Chinas Communists Declare War ... On Boring Meetings
U.N. summit votes to support Internet eavesdropping. Uses: censorship, identifying BitTorrent and MP3 transfers
Earthquake M7.3  - 293km SE of Kamaishi, Japan. Tsunami alert.
Kate Middletons Receptionist Found Dead In London Days After Being Duped By Prank Callers
Google Drones Launch In Africa to monitor and prevent poaching
7.3 magnitude earthquake off Japans eastern coast, tsunami warning issued
North Korea in financial trouble after blowing $100 million on tributes to dead leader Kim Jong-il
China to flatten 700 mountains for new metropolis in the desert
Canada Destroys Legislation to Protect its Natural Lakes and Rivers. 2.5 million down to 82. 
Dotcom gets go-ahead for spy lawsuit - A ruling in the High Court of New Zealand means that the countrys security service will have to reveal details of its spying on Megaupload founder Kim Dotcom &amp; his associates.
British PM backs gay marriage.
Volvo aims for no-death new cars by 2020
Stunned that reporters were able to visit her, detained China Nobel wife  trembled uncontrollably and cried Thursday as she described how absurd and emotionally draining her confinement under house arrest has been in the two years since her jailed activist husband was named a Nobel Peace laureate.
Canada cancels F-35 procurement
Egyptian immigrant Waleed Taleb says demanding his unpaid wages in Greece came at a heavy price; 18 hours chained and beaten by his boss, a stint in jail and orders to leave the country he calls home.
Another large quake has occurred off the coast of northeast Japan in the same general area as 3/11; moderately heavy shaking in Tohoku
Human rights group: Israel violated laws of war in fatal house bombing in Gaza conflict
Zero hour: Syrian rebels prepare to mount Damascus attack  - Telegraph
Russian anchorman shot dead 
Muslim women are removing their hijabs to improve job prospects
Drone in Iran Appears to Be U.S.-Made, Pentagon Says
US, NATO behind insecurity in Afghanistan, Karzai says
Japan Gets Hit with 7.3 Magnitude Earthquake
Chinas Foreign Ministry lambasted the United States on Friday for disgusting comments by a U.S. official on the human rights situation in Tibet, saying it had prompted them to file a formal diplomatic complaint with Washington.
Royal prank call nurse found dead in suspected suicide
12 To 17-Year-Olds Are Smoking Less
Gunmen kill senior womens activist in Afghanistan 
Nelson Mandela has stopped talking,  amid a troubling deterioration in his condition
China Appears Set to Become Worlds Next Rust Belt - Just 2 yrs after China overtook US to become worlds biggest manufacturer, its competitive advantages are eroding &amp; factories closing. And theres little Beijing can do to arrest the slide. 
Japan falls into recession:  Strong yen and diplomatic row with major trade partner China have harmed Japans economy
North Korean Internet a brief look into Dictatorship.
Senior al Qaeda leader killed in Pakistan: Sheikh Khalid bin Abdel Rehman, al Qaedas #2, was killed in a drone strike Thursday
Hitler has a following in India: Mein Kampf is a bestseller ... In 2006 a cafe called Hitlers Cross opened in Mumbai; in 2011 a pool hall named Hitlers Den opened nearby in Nagpu ... A soap opera, Hitler Didior big sister Hitleris a hit. 
Atheists around world suffer persecution, discrimination: report
| Reuters
Venezuela Abolishes Entrance Visas for Palestinians
The Government tonight ruled out any shift in drugs policy despite a damning report by an influential group of MPs which said Britain was failing to tackle drug barons or the multi-billion pound global profits of their illegal trade.
 UAE authorities detain 18-year-old blogger
 India MPs in parliament uproar over Walmart lobbying
 Spain arrests 28 people suspected of links to Toronto-based child porn ring
Tibetan monk arrested for inciting self-immolation:  Chinese state media blames deaths on instructions from Dalai Lama
Garlic smuggler flees conviction for 2m ginger fraud -They had told customs officials that thousands of tons of garlic were, in fact, fresh ginger, which is untaxed.
Britain launches genome database for patients DNA. Up to 100,000 Britons suffering from cancer and rare diseases are to have their genetic codes fully sequenced and mapped as part of government plans to build a DNA database to boost drug discovery and development.
Singer Jenni Rivera is missing after a plane she was flying in lost contact with air traffic controllers in Mexico 
Syrias endgame in sight as rebels advance
Austerity-struck Paris [France] has been hit by a wave of street muggings and grave robberies with thieves prepared to exhume bodies to steal gold and jewellery.
Virgin pulls ads that make light of rape.
Syria rebels homemade tank With Playstation Controller - Business Insider
German cabinet decides to send troops to Turkey-Syria border
Nigerian finance ministers mother kidnapped
Nigerian finance ministers mother kidnapped
Sheik Khalid Bin Abdel Rehman Al-Hussainan Dead: Al Qaeda Leader Killed By U.S. Drone In Pakistans Tribal Regions
Calls for a ban on helium balloons as world shortage worsens.  
Costa Rica Bans Hunting as a Sport - 
With 25% of its land protected as reserves, it becomes 1st Latin American country to ban hunting
British deputy prime minister says he will block plans to give police and intelligence services powers to monitor all internet use
Eighth Tibetan under 18 sets self on fire to protest Chinese occupation of Tibet. Ninety Tibetans have self-immolated since February 2009.
Norway wants to ban commercials for candy and other unhealthy food
Google parks $10 billion in Bermuda, avoiding $2 billion in taxes
The First Arrests Have Been Made in the LIBOR Manipulation Case 
Dying girl now cancer-free after breakthrough AIDS virus experiment.
Chinese Want to Know Why Their News is on Twitter &amp; They Arent - 
Chinese internet users miffed after learning Communist Partys official news service has its own Twitter account, even though Twitter is supposed to be banned in China
Israel raids 3 Palestinian NGO offices: This a message by the Israelis to the Palestinians, saying that when they take decisions or form patriotic organizations to seek their freedom, the occupation will use aggression to try and stop us.
2011 UK census shows rise in foreign born residents. 45% of Londoners are white British, down from 58% in 2001.
What Great Helium Shortage? - Forbes
Oldest Pharaoh Carvings Discovered in Egypt. The scenes place the age of the carvings between 3200 B.C. and 3100 B.C., researchers report in the December issue of the journal Antiquity. During that time, Egypt was transitioning into the dynastic rule of the pharaohs.
Syrian Rebels force a child to behead an unarmed civilian. 
Queensland medical centre hacked by Russian cyber criminals, records encrypted, and ransom demanded.
Islamist supporters of Mohamed Morsi detained and beat dozens of his critics last week, in a move that may undermine the Egyptian presidents credibility.
David Cameron rejects call for royal commission on drugs - British Prime minister rules out home affairs committees proposal, arguing that drugs policies are already working
Actor Depardieu bids adieu to France to avoid taxes
French teacher suspended over suicide assignment. The pupils, aged between 13 and 14, were told to imagine reasons for wanting to end their lives and describe their self-disgust
Number of jailed journalists sets global record 
Syrians Create A Secular, Democratic Village in Liberated City, Hope their example will set a model
Election phone calls challenge hits Federal Court (Canada)
Radical Syrian rebel group is about to be declared a terrorist organization.
Dutch blasphemy law to fall and Irish one may follow
Magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes Banda Sea, Indonesia.
Russia sees panic buying as Mayan apocalypse mania takes root
Why 2012 was the best year ever: never in the history of the world has there been less hunger, less disease and more prosperity
Congo has become a never-ending nightmare, one of the bloodiest conflicts since World War II, with more than five million dead. 
Queen to attend cabinet meeting for first time. It is believed to be the first time a monarch has attended cabinet since Queen Victorias reign.
Afghan bomb blast kills 10 girls: Ten girls aged nine to 13 killed and two seriously injured as they gathered firewood outside their village in eastern Afghanistan
Cameroon court upholds 3-year jail term for man convicted of sending I love you text message to another man.
Health Canada Plans to Treat Marijuana Like Other Medicines, Commercialize its Production and Distribution
Leaked Report Confirms Human-Induced Climate Change
Australian public servant injured during sex on a work trip awarded compensation.
For Spaniards, Having A Job No Longer Guarantees A Paycheck
An Afghan Mystery: Why Are Large Shipments Of Gold Leaving the Country? -- 
A surge in shipments since early summer. How come so much, when little gold is mined in Afghanistan? And why does so much of it go to Dubai? Is it regular Afghan commerce or is something else going on?
One Hundred Thousand Tamils Missing After Sri Lanka War (World Bank data)
Report: Thousands of children face sex abuse by gangs in England - CNN.com
Silence over sexual violence: Arab women take stand on absurd honor - CNN.com
Syria descends into holy war
Rights Group Denounces Thai Teachers Slayings by Muslims
In Spain, Having a Job No Longer Guarantees a Paycheck - NYTimes.com
The lungs that Jennifer Wederell was given to save her life brought only agonising death - A young newlywed was never told that the organs needed for her transplant had come from a heavy smoker 
Canadian claims to have cracked carrier pigeon message.
Thousands of people across France have demonstrated in support of same-sex marriage. The rallies come after even more people took to the streets last month to protest against it. 
Useless, useless, useless: the Palestinian verdict on Tony Blair
India gang-rape: Student, friend attacked on Delhi bus
A major international human rights organization called Monday for an immediate end to violence against school personnel in Thailands insurgency-wracked southern provinces, following last weeks murder of two Buddhist teachers who were shot execution-style in the middle of a school day
Palestinian refugee camp in Syria hit by fighting 
Homes destroyed as Fiji feels Evans fury
Ireland to legalise abortion
Berlin warns Egypt is sliding to dictatorship
Chinese Authorities Arrest Dozens For Spreading Mayan Apocalypse Rumors
Swedish teens riot over Instagram sex rumours  - 500 people are estimated to have gathered outside the Plus Gymnasium, according to Aftonbladet (Link in English)
Israel Presses on With Plans for 6,000 New Settler Homes
 China up in arms over Newtown coverage
Chinese critics argue that the public now knows more about Sandy Hook than they do about crime in their own country 
1 in 6 worldwide unaffiliated with a religion.  Non-affiliation/atheism is the third largest category.
If A Man Is Not An Oligarch, Theres Something Wrong With Him: Welcome To The New Breed Of Plutocrat Running London
Russia sends a couple more ships to Syria, possibly starting evacuation
Pakistan: Four female vaccination workers shot dead in Karachi
Richard Engel and NBC News team freed from captors in Syria
The Bribery Aisle: How Wal-Mart Used Payoffs to Get Its Way in Mexico
Iranian computers attacked by new malicious data wiper program
Pirate Party Presses Charges Against Banks For WikiLeaks Blockade
11 yr old Afghan girl, student, polio vaccination volunteer...shot dead. 
Tokyo to Take a Tougher Line With China
Syrian rebels fight Palestinian pro-Assad group
The Islamic Republic of Iran will not suspend 20 percent uranium enrichment because of the demands of others, said Atomic Energy Organization Director Fereidoun Abbasi.
Saudi rights activist faces apostasy charge and death
Police In Colombia Seize 1.5 Tons Of Cocaine In A Container That Was To Be Shipped To The US
Armed militia in control of refugee camp in Damascus - Xinhua | English.news.cn
Bilateral distrust between U.S., China at an all-time high
Syrian Rebels Battle Palestinian Fighters in Damascus
Palestinians flood into Lebanon after Damascus fighting
Peak farmland is here. The amount of land needed to grow crops worldwide is at a peak and an area more than twice the size of France can return to nature by 2060 due to rising yields and slower population growth
Thieves arrested for stealing 6 million pounds of maple syrup in Canada
UN confirms Hezbollah fighting for Assad in Syria
50,000 Islamists marched chanting that Egypt will be Islamic, Islamic, despite the Christians. They made sure to go through mainly Christian districts of the city, where residents, fearing attacks, shuttered down their stores and stayed in their homes.
Those with no religious affiliation  including atheists and agnostics  are now the third-largest religious group in the world.
Jobless to be remotely monitored by Government, Benefit claimants will have their online job applications remotely monitored by the Government to see whether they are making serious attempts to find work.  - Telegraph
Afghanistan Village Massacre: Army Will Seek Death Penalty For Soldier Accused Of Killing 16 Villagers
Down to -50C: Russians freeze to death as strongest-in-decades winter hits (PHOTOS)
23 yr old girl brutally gang-raped and assaulted in New Delhi, India. Girl is fighting for her life. Entire India is in uproar.
Native Chief on 9th day of hunger strike, in an effort to move Stephen Harper to include Aboriginal people in decisions involving natural resources. Thousands marched across Canada today, after the Prime Minister has passed bills allowing foreign purchase of resources and more
Afghan President Hamid Karzai has called on US and NATO troops to immediately leave the country, saying security transition to local forces should take place as soon as possible.
Russia votes to ban all adoptions by Americans
Child-snatching eagle video is fake, created as student project
Mother of 3-year-old named Jihad faces French court for putting I am a bomb shirt on her son
Police in China have arrested almost 1,000 doomsday cult members for spreading rumours about the imminent end of the world, state media say. 
Species of whale thought to be extinct for 2 million years found.
Astronaut Chris Hadfield blasts off to become first Canadian commander of International Space Station
 Julian Assange to make balcony speech from Ecuador embassy
 Five-year-old Indian girl stolen in sleep, raped
China arrests 500 followers of religious cult over Mayan apocalypse rumours: Quasi-Christian religious group the Church of the Almighty God accused of spreading rumours that world will end on Friday
65% of Air Pollution Deaths Occur in Asia With a 1/4 in India - It ranks 6th most dangerous killer &amp; is in top 10 killers in world. Outdoor air contributes to 1.2m deaths in E Asia &amp; 712,000 in S Asia, much higher than toll of 400,000 in EU 27, E Europe, &amp; Russia.
Why Indian men rape
Nazis in Italy:   165 Murders Per Day - Thats the horrifying conclusion reached by commission exploring full extent of Nazi war crimes in Italy in WWII. The identity of many of the murderers has long been known, but to this day little has been done to bring them to justice. 
How Australia banned semi-automatic rifles nationwide in 1996 and how it change the landscape
UN confirms Hezbollah fighting for Assad in Syria
Delhi gang-rape victim writes on a piece of paper Mother, I want to live - Hindustan Times
A young Nepali woman returning from Saudi Arabia is robbed by immigration officials and raped by a policeman 
Victims brother wants Indian gang rapists hanged
Scientists fear Canada will fish bluefin tuna and other species to extinction
New rights will effectively end homelessness in Scotland 
Controversial surgery in China for addiction burns away brains pleasure center: By destroying parts of the brains pleasure centers in heroin addicts and alcoholics, these Chinese neurosurgeons hope to stop drug cravings
A French weekly known for publishing cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed to the ire of conservative Muslims said Sunday it plans to release a comic book biography of Islams founder that will be researched and educational
The Opec oil cartel, led by Saudi Arabia, will pocket a record of more than US$1tn in net oil revenues in 2012 as the annual average price for Brent, the benchmark, heads to an all-time high in spite of weak economic growth.
Police Trap Reveals How Afghan Insider Attacks Work - The Taliban believed Beyar Khan Weyaar was perfect candidate to prepare an insider attack on Afghan police, but instead he set a daring trap that has given a rare insight into suicide bombing tactics.
Sunshine is abundant in Qatar. All that untapped solar power could create a new energy economy in this oil-rich nation. Researchers are already testing solar-powered cooling systems and water desalination plants
Energy Company Staff Discovered Working at Climate Ministry -   Green party MP says fossil fuel giants have no place there. ...its even more outrageous taxpayers are footing the bill.  At a time British Gas customers are struggling, its  to make 1.4bn profits this year. 
Itll take less than 2 inches of rain by months end to make 2012 the wettest year ever in Britain - How Britain went from a drought to a deluge
Pakistan militants kill 41 in mass execution, attack on Shiites
Abu Qatada family say they want to leave racist UK - Telegraph
Yahoo exits S. Korea, halts service
Costa Rica moves toward national ban on hunting --  Costa Rica, a tropical country known for its national parks and ecotourism, has gone one step further to protect its environment: a ban on hunting.
Afghans angry at US soldiers who drove away in the night leaving rent unpaid: US forces left behind piles of equipment, an unpaid rent bill and a festering land dispute that threatens to undermine the Afghan government when they moved out of a volatile corner of eastern Kunar province
Syrian rebels beheaded Christian and fed him to dogs | THE AUSTRALIAN
 Russia Sends Another Naval Ship to Syria - No reason given, but Russian diplomats say Moscow is preparing  to evacuate thousands of Russians from Syria if necessary.
 Indian rape victim was planning to marry man she was attacked with - Telegraph
Pregnant US woman Caitlan Coleman missing in Afghanistan with husband
Will Egypts Jon Stewart be stifled? - CNN.com
National Trust triess to block 100m Giants Causeway golf course - 
Campaigning group challenges Donald Trump-style plan backed by Northern Irish politicians for 5-star resort on world heritage site
Pakistani Taliban execute captured policemen:  At least 21 men who belonged to a paramilitary force shot dead in Peshawar by their captors, say government officials.
German magazine mistakenly publishes obituary for former US President George H.W. Bush
Sex, drugs and rock and roll: Australias other boom
| Reuters
In Pakistan: Gunmen stop a van containing teachers that educate girls, shoot and murder 5 teachers and 2 aid workers
Russia boosts space spending: Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev approved a plan to spend $68.71 billion on developing Russias space industry from 2013 to 2020
Japans Population Falls by 212,000 in 2012 (record drop)
Solar energy on the rise in Germany - the recent solar boom means the alternative form of energy now reaches 8 million homes in Germany, a 45 percent increase compared to 2011
Pakistan is developing a new generation of smaller tactical nuclear weapons. The dangers and challenges such arms present are very real.
Six women and a man, working for a health and education charity, have been shot dead in a drive-by shooting after they left a community centre in northwest Pakistan, police say. The victims of Tuesdays attack were all Pakistanis attached to the community centre in a Swabi village.
52,000 Amerasians, the illegitimate children of Filipino women and US soldiers,  fight for recognition in the Philippines.  
Insight: How Colombian drug traffickers used HSBC to launder money
Indian lawyers refuse to defend gang rape accused
Euros discarded as impoverished Greeks resort to bartering
60 people have been killed in a stampede following a New Years fireworks 
Hollande refuses to ditch super-tax  - President tells France we will still ask more of those who have the most after court rules proposed 75% rate unconstitutional 
An Indian minister has called on the authorities to reveal the name of the Delhi gang-rape victim so that a new anti-rape law can be named after her.
Al Saud remains hostile towards democracy and human rights. The Al Saud family of Saudi Arabia has dealt heavy crackdowns on peaceful protesters who demand democracy and human rights
Blood of Beheaded French King Louis XVI Found in Gourd -   Many spectators dipped their handkerchiefs in his blood.  A piece of fabric was in a dried, hollowed-out gourd, leaving blood stains. The DNA is very similar to genetic material from  mummified head of earlier  king. 
Egypt satirist faces probe for insulting president
Israel will cease to exist within a decade, says Muslim Brotherhood official  - Telegraph
Over 60,000 dead in Syria conflict, U.N. says
Qatari poet jailed for insulting the states ruler. 
 Egypt satirist faces probe for undermining Morsi -- 
Bassem Youssef, Egypts alternative to Jon Stewart, faces investigation after insulting the president on television. 
Armed robbers hit Apple store in Paris, reportedly steal $1.3 million in goods
Drug-resistant malaria in Thailand threatens deadly global nightmare
In Myanmar, Muslim survivors recall Buddhist assault that forced mass exodus - The Washington Post
Israeli-Palestinian Clashes Erupt in West Bank 
Drop in North Korean refugees to South Korea. Significantly fewer people fled North Korea towards the South in 2012 compared with 2011, data from Seoul shows
Soccer team walks out on game in Italy after African player is taunted with monkey chants
Obese who refuse to exercise could face benefits cut in the UK
How to Halt the Terrorist Money Train? Step 1: Make bankers stop laundering dirty cash
Japanese man vacations on Syrian front lines. Im not a target for snipers because Im a tourist, not like you journalists. Besides, Im not afraid if they shoot at me or that they might kill me. Im a combination of samurai and kamikaze.
Switzerlands oldest bank became the first foreign bank to plead guilty in the United States to tax charges when it admitted Thursday that it helped American clients hide more than $1.2 billion from the Internal Revenue Service.
Woman jumps from speeding train in India to avoid molestors.
Journalists at a leading Chinese newspaper have called for a propaganda chief to resign, in a rare protest against censorship.
Disastrous relief for Haiti: Three years on from the quake, its evident reconstruction has been fatally undermined by greedy and incompetent outsiders
Ryanair pilots claim they are pressured into filling their airplanes with too little fuel. 
Evidence has been promised to a French court that could prove former President Nicolas Sarkozy accepted more than 50 million in campaign donations from ousted Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. (x-post /r/politics)
An amazing mea culpa from the IMFs chief economist on austerity
Governor Shuts Down Tehran Over Pollution - Only emergency &amp; health services will report for work.  Its 2nd time in a month  activities have been ordered halted because of air pollution.
Could gang-rape protests mark beginning of an age of activism for India?  
Indias youth bulge and its disillusionment with political leaders may have helped drive recent post-rape protests and an anticorruption movement. But its not clear the new activism will sustain itself.
Palestinian Authority And Hamas Both Refuse To Take In Palestinian Refugees From Syria
The Disappeared - Even the Soviet Union eventually acknowledged Stalins Great Famine. Why does China still hide evidence of its own mass starvation under Mao?
Narwhal Tusk Smuggling Ring Busted - Does your neighbor have a Narwhal tusk displayed? It was likely smuggled illegally from Canada.  Body parts of the rare whales were bought legally in Canada, then smuggled across a New Brunswick-to-Maine border, &amp; resold for black-market prices in US. 
Magazine firebombed for printing satirical Sharia edition in France publishes Prophet Mohammed cartoon book
Bored truck driver plays war tourist in Syria
BBC News - Church of England drops gay bishop opposition
Argentinas understanding of history is laughable - Telegraph
Drone attacks unacceptable: Pakistan Foreign Office Spokesman said the attacks were illegal, unacceptable and against Islamabads sovereignty.
BBC News - Hugo Chavez suffers complications after surgery
60,000 Dead in Syria? Why the Death Toll Is Likely Even Higher - The Atlantic
India. Assam women beat sex-attack politician Bikram Singh Brahma
Anti-government protests rage across Iraq 
Saudi ruling puts end to marriage between 90-year-old man and his 15-year-old bride
A Chinese Web censor snaps, goes on public rant
Police investigating murder on UK nuclear submarine horrified by tales of crews binge drinking
Military lasers becoming a reality
Catholic Church in Germany drops sex abuse inquiry
Former FBI agent missing in Iran photographed in Guantnamo jumpsuit  
Australian wildfires are nearly uncontrollable : rated catastrophic in some areas
Japan Explores War Scenarios with China
Siberia Is Thick With Wolves, and Hunters Are in Demand:   Officials in the Sakha-Yakutia region of Siberia have gone so far as to declare a state of emergency to draw attention to the wolves eating livestock, including horses and reindeer.
Report: U.S. Spy Law Authorizes Mass Surveillance of European Citizens
Guatemala builds private city for the wealthy to escape crime
Havens Are Turning Hellish For Tax Avoiders
Australias devastating bushfires as seen from ISS!
Short skirts, bad stars and chow mein: why Indias women get raped
West African lions on verge of extinction, report says:  Conservation group LionAid says as few as 645 lions remain in the wild in western and central Africa
Next week most Cubans will be able to travel freely for the first time in decades. But not its baseball starts.
While many people in Aleppo still say they, too, want rid of Assad, the rebels inability to bring order or to improve the miserable conditions of the city, an ancient jewel of the Arab world now ravaged by 21st-century war, is losing them support.
BBC News - The girls stolen from the streets of India
Taiwanese linguist races to save dying language:  Her eyes lit bright with concentration, Taiwanese linguist Sung Li-may leans in expectantly as one of the planets last 10 speakers of the Kanakanavu language shares his hopes for the future.
Man falls onto subway track in Canada, with sound of an oncoming train filling the station. Student jumps onto the tracks to try to lift him out of harms way....
Indian soldier killed in Kashmir was beheaded
A massive fire tore through a waterfront slum in Nigerias megacity of Lagos on Tuesday, burning down dozens of shack workshops and homes. The only sirens heard came from convoys of police and soldiers roaring by guarding the nations business and political elite.
US could withdraw all Afghanistan troops 
Healthcare managers in the Madrid region are resigning over plans to privatise part of the health service in and around the Spanish capital.
 Ex-Abu Ghraib inmates get $5m settlement from US firm
The worlds population could actually start declining.
Ex-CIA Analyst Finds Mysterious Chinese Complex on Google Earth
German bishops cancel study into sexual abuse by priests, prompting the investigator to accuse them of trying to censor what was to be a major report on the scandals
My goodness theres a snake on the wing: Snake spotted on a Qantas plane.
McDonalds to give out books instead of toys in U.K
Pakistan kiln laborers hemmed in by debts they cant repay:  Brick makers and others live a life of indentured servitude known as bonded labor. They must borrow to live, and their debts pass on to their children when they die.
Blind stroke victim tasered after a police officer mistook his white stick for a samurai sword
Three Kurdish women activists have been found dead with gunshot wounds to the head in Paris, French media say, citing police sources
After Bluefin Tuna Sells for 1m Conservationists Warn Species is Dying Out -  Bluefin tuna are in danger of all but disappearing, according to a new report, despite a decade long fight to save the tiger of the seas.
Half of all food thrown away claims report
Six prisons to be closed in England - with a new super-prison planned
Indian gang-rape victim blamed for attack by lawyer representing the offenders: I never heard of a respected lady being raped in India 
Canadians rush to save 11 trapped killer whales - CNN.com
Up to half of the food produced in the world is wasted, according to a report by the UKs Institution of Mechanical Engineers
The British Library releases the first-ever audio guide to how Shakespeare should really sound
Chinese animal rights group helps rescue bears from bile farm
Locals seek help from Canadian gov as a dozens of killer whales become trapped under vast stretch of sea ice crowding desperately around a single small hole for air
Tattooed composer in strong run for Czech presidency
Calls Out to Change How South Korea Treats Mental Illness, Since its  Suicide Rate Remains Highest in Developed World - Its leading cause of death for people under  40 - &amp; its an issue thats only gotten worse in recent years.
Ancient Medicine in Roman Shipwreck  Round tin boxes in 2,000-yr-old ship off Tuscany held mix of zinc &amp; beeswax likely used for eyes. Impressions in tablets suggest were wrapped in linen to prevent crumbling.   Finds include wine jars,  jugs, Syrian-Palestinian glass bowls, Ephesian lamps.
3 Kurdish women shot dead in Paris
U.N. wants to use drones for peacekeeping missions
Australian Wildfires: Clinging to Life, a Family Defies Wall of Flame - 
Photograph likely to become one of the defining images of a disaster that has seen wildfires sweep south-eastern Australia
Saudi Arabia Beheads Young Sri Lankan Maid
Millions of New Species of Killer Slugs From Spain Set to Invade English Gardens - After worst year on record for slugs, its about to get worse. Growing up to 5 in. long, they eat dead mice, dog mess &amp; even each other. In Scandinavia, slugs eating road kill caused road hazard. 
Saudi Arabia beheads young Sri Lankan maid, despite international campaign for clemency
Pakistan also has a rape problem. Days after the Delhi gang-rape victim died, 9-year-old in Pakistan beaten and raped by three men. In Pakistan, however, no one is talking about it.
China Sends Fighter Jets To Meet Japans F-15s In The East China Sea
Brazil prostitutes are planning to learn English before 2014 World Cup.
String of bombings kill 101, injure 200 in Pakistan
Zambia has banned the hunting of lions and leopards because of the rapid decline in its numbers of big cats.
Outrage over beheading of Sri Lankan woman by Saudi Arabia...she had not had access to lawyers during her pre-trial interrogation during which she said she was assaulted and forced to sign a confession under duress... - CNN.com
Most Russians and Pakistanis say they prefer a strong ruler over democracy. Pew asked people in seven countries whether they prefer democratic government or one with a strong leader. The latter choice was more popular in only two countries: Pakistan and Russia.
Pacific Bluefin Tuna Overfishing Has Led To 96 Percent Population Reduction, Study Says
Trapped killer whales escape ice, reach safety, hunters say - thestar.com
Irish Newspapers Want To Pass A Law That Would Allow Them To Charge Anyone Who Links To Their Articles
What Happens When China Goes Gray? - Chinas pension system will have a U.S.$2.9 trillion gap between assets and liabilities by the end of 2013. By 2033 the gap is expected to reach U.S.$10.9 trillion, or 38.7% of GDP. 
Native Canadians protesting against forced subsidies in a campaign known as idle no more
Japans government has approved an economic stimulus package worth 10.3 trillion yen (72bn) in an attempt to fix its economic crisis.
The gang of men charged with the rape and murder of an Indian physiotherapy student deliberately tried to find a woman to rape and kill and ended the night with blood on their clothes, a police report seen by Reuters said.
Break-through in Saudi Arabia: women allowed in parliament
Killer whales escape as Canadas Hudson Bay ice shifts
8,500-year-old human bones discovered in Istanbul (pics inside)
 The candy-colored steps of a staircase in Rios bohemian neighborhood of Lapa were the life work of Chilean artist Jorge Selaron and a symbol of his adopted city. On this gray, rainy Thursday, they became his memorial. He was found dead on his masterpiece.
 Archaeologists Uncover Clues to Why Vikings Abandoned Greenland 
UN calls for swift deployment of international troops to Mali
Concerns about the only child practice in China have been expressed before. Now researchers present new evidence that these children are less trusting, less competitive, more pessimistic, less conscientious and more risk-averse than people born before the policy was implemented.
Paralyzed woman loses first Irish right-to-die case
Hungarian Journalist Calls for Final Solution of Roma Issue 
Mysterious structures in China are likely factories  -  NBC News
German govt  unexpectedly offers Paris concrete support as French troops battle Islamist extremists in Mali -  Though ruling out a combat role, Germanys military will provide transport &amp; medical assistance.
Man acquitted of rape and murder of a 9 year old girl, rapes and murders a 9-year-old girl after being freed from jail
Polio in India: How the Country Beat the Disease:  A sprawling country with a massive population pulled off one of the greatest public-health coups in history
Mass rape, amputations and killings  why families are fleeing terror in Mali 
Denmark aids France in Mali conflict
Air pollution in Beijing goes off the index, reaching levels 25 times as large as the acceptable level.
Iran unable to get life-saving drugs due to international sanctions. Western measures targeting Tehrans nuclear programme have impeded trade of medicines for illnesses such as cancer.
Doctors euthanize Belgian twins who said they could not bear the thought of going blind
Children and elderly people in Beijing are urged to stay indoors as instruments measuring pollution break all records.
Japan Ups Defense of Disputed Islands - 
Will deploy 3 more patrol ships to boost its defense of the Senkaku islands at the center of a territorial row with China
Deaf twins who discovered they were going blind and would never see each other again are euthanized in Belgian hospital
Decriminalise drugs, inquiry by cross-party peers says
Egyptian man urinates into Eternal Flame in Russias Volgograd 
Indias army chief turns up heat on Pakistan, says can retaliate
Japan is breaking from economic orthodoxy with interesting results
Shame on the scum!: 20,000 furious Russians march in protest of adoption ban for American parents
Israeli premier says hell move ahead with Jewish settlement seen as blow to Palestinian state 
Syrian refugees in Lebanon and Jordan are reporting gang rapes, other sexual violence as reasons for fleeing Syria, International Rescue Committee says.
France receives help from U.S., Britain as it ramps up airstrikes against Islamic rebels in Mali
Goldman Sachs will use a tax delay on bonuses for when the top tax rate falls. Delaying the bonuses cost the UK government  16 billion in 2010.
Austria politician Strasser guilty in bribery trial
Is WTO about to abandon dream of global free trade?
French Widen Bombing Campaign, Hit Central Mali
Mali crisis: militants killed as French fighter jets pound rebel camps
Beijing Authorities Starts Emergency Plan to Curb Emissions as Air Pollution Hits Record Level - Will shut down polluting manufacturers &amp;  curb govt car use. 54 high-emission manufacturers have been ordered to reduce 30% of their pollutant discharges.
In Chinas capital, theyre calling it the airpocalypse, with air pollution thats literally off the charts. The air has been classified as hazardous to human health for a fifth consecutive day, at its worst hitting pollution levels 25x that considered safe in the U.S.
The crime of insulting someone through words or behaviour to be dropped in UK
Chinas plainclothes police stuff man into unmarked van for speaking to reporters:  After a young man offers his support for a censored newspaper, some plainclothes police swoop in to pack him away.
Ontario will phase out coal-fired power by 2014, making the Canadian province the first coal-free jurisdiction in North America
How bad are the bad guys in Mali? The answer, in four powerful paragraphs.
Bank robbers have made off with an unknown amount of loot after digging a 100-foot tunnel into a Berlin bank from a nearby parking garage. To get into the building, they broke through two concrete walls.
Pakistan Supreme Court Orders Arrest of Prime Minister
Cleaning lady steals train and crashes into house
Turkeys science state council halts publication of evolution books
Al-Qaida carves out own country in Mali, using the bulldozers, earth movers and Caterpillar machines left behind by fleeing construction crews to dig what residents and local officials describe as an elaborate network of tunnels, trenches, shafts and ramparts.
France has openned the gates of hell, say Mali rebels
Rhino Poaching Death Toll Soars Across South Africa:    668 rhinos lost their lives to poachers in 2012  up from 14 rhinos in 2005 &amp; an increase of nearly 50% from the 448 rhinos poachers killed in 2011.  5 more rhinos were killed by poachers just since the beginning of this year.
Nike accused of using military to intimidate workers - ABC News (Australian Broadcasting Corporation)
Saudi clerics protest against appointing women to advisory body
Egypts  Ancient Heritage Under Immediate Threat - Dahshur archaeological site, home of 1st complete pyramid, is being plundered by armed vandals &amp;  thieves.  Residents  invaded site next to Black Pyramid of King Amenemhat III.  Guards were unable to repel the them.
UK wont let British veterans accept Russian medal
Japans new budget reverses austerity cuts, giving 570 billion to science and education including 20 billion for stem cell research
An international conservation group on Tuesday urged Thailand to ban all ivory trading, warning that rising demand for tusks is fueling an unprecedented slaughter of elephants in Africa.
France expected to more than triple Mali troop numbers
Saudis defend Sri Lankan maids execution, hit back at criticism - CNN.com
Islamists vow to strike heart of France - (France has attacked Islam. We will strike at the heart of France)
The Afghan president said Monday that a meeting of the nations elders should convene to decide whether U.S. troops staying in the country after 2014 would be immune from prosecution under Afghan law.
U.N. Human Rights Chief Seeks Investigation of North Korea - the United Nations human rights chief called on Monday for an international inquiry into human rights offenses committed by the North Korean government over many decades
Thousands of protesters in Moscow denounce adoption ban
China Allows Media to Report on Air Pollution Crisis
Lucky prospector finds huge gold nugget 177 Oz/5.5kg (Australia)
One of Russias biggest criminal bosses  call him the countrys Don Corleone  has been gunned down in the center of Moscow as he left his favorite hangout surrounded by bodyguards.
Sniper kills Russian crime boss in Moscow
Egyptian court sentences Christian family to 15 years for converting from Islam | Fox News
Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan profits rise sharply
Dozens of hostages killed in Algeria - Al Jazeera English
Man locks up drunk cop in his own van. [South Africa]
Mali: a guide to the conflict
Mexico Looks Forward to Hearing about Gun Control Laws in the US; As much as 70 percent of the weapons confiscated from Mexicos drug cartels come from the U.S.
Do we have the right to be anonymous online? - Facebook vs Germany
Former Australian PM writes about his 1996 gun reform
U.S., Japan review defense guidelines amid tension with China
The Gravest of Allegations: Conflating Critique of Israel with Anti-Semitism
French Ground Troops In Combat in Central Mali
Attackers kill, injure workers in Algeria; Americans held hostage
Six reasons events in Mali matter
Ecuadorian tribe gets reprieve from oil intrusion
UK police accused of taking DNA of men convicted 30 years ago under now-defunct gay sex law
Israel can remove Palestinian protest tents: court
Italy Closes Consulate in Benghazi After New Attack
Food prices may be catalyst for 2013 revolutions
Jakarta floods leave hundreds of thousands homeless
BBC News - Bombings in Iraq kill Shia pilgrims
Next Made-in-China Boom: College Graduates
Is Tunisia headed towards democracy or sliding back into chaos?
An indigenous community in the Ecuadorian Amazon has won a reprieve after building up an arsenal of spears, blowpipes, machetes and guns to fend off an expected intrusion by the army and a state-run oil company.
French flags selling out in Malis capital: Normally, Malian attitudes towards France range from resentment to admiration. But when France launched a bombing campaign against Islamist rebels in central and northern Mali, French flags bloomed around the capital Bamako almost instantaneously
US officially recognises Somalias government
In Kashmir, a nine year old ceasefire agreement between India and Pakistan is in danger of breaking down. We ignore it at our own peril.
Japan to build worlds largest offshore wind farm - this July
Google to build 1bn UK headquarters at Londons Kings Cross
Scientists modify HIV proteins; engineer them to protect against AIDS
Canada is the first county in the world to launch a national standard for mental health in the workplace (x-post from r/canada)
 Govts in Russia, Canada &amp; Scandinavia claim they need to protect lesser species &amp; habitats by killing wolves  while continuing their smash &amp; grab raid on natural resources - Wolf killings are based on the most cynical of premises
 Movement of Missiles by North Korea Worries U.S.:
American intelligence agencies have discovered mobile missile launchers carrying a new generation of powerful rocket
 Hotel Mama: Bad Economy Has Young Europeans at Home - 
Young Europeans in countries hit hardest by the Continents economic crisis are finding it difficult to move out of their parents home. Data shows over 50% of those 25-34 in some countries have yet to move out.
Berlin Bank Heist Tunnel Pictures Released
Anonymous Hacks Argentina Data Agency that is Known for Corruption and Lying about their Economy
A US Navy minesweeper is stuck on a coral reef off the Philippines, in a Unesco heritage site, after running aground
Investigating officer, probing Pakistan PM Raja Pervez Ashraf for graft, found dead
Israels Netanyahu will not dismantle settlements if re-elected
US asks Turkey, Jordan to secure chem weapons if Syria crisis worsens
David Cameron has postponed a long-awaited speech on Europe due to the hostage crisis in Algeria, saying the country should prepare for bad news.
Some Hostages Killed, but Raid Rescues Many, Algeria Says
Special Report: Chinas military hawks take the offensive
| Reuters
Parcel for Julian Assange is geo-tracked by artists
Chinas planned rail spending tops $100-billion for 2013
In Israel, tensions grow between ultra-Orthodox and less strict Jews
Jakarta Flooding 1/17/2013
Belgium plans artificial island to store wind power
A new asteroid-mining company, Deep Space Industries, Inc., launches Tuesday with the goal of helping humanity expand across the solar system by tapping the vast riches of space rocks.  It plans to launch a fleet of prospecting spacecraft in 2015.
Canadian student whistleblower tells his college about massive security breach in their system, gets expelled.
The Vatican built a secret property empire using Mussolinis millions
Population Bomb scientist: Nobody has the right to as many children as they want
Immigrants Are Being Stabbed to Death on the Streets of Athens | VICE
Air cadets rewrite their oath to remove God from pledge: One of the UKs largest and most respected youth organisations, the Air Cadet Organisation, will no longer compel its new members to take a religious oath
Chinas Water Pollution Crisis - According to one report, up to 40 percent of Chinas rivers were seriously polluted and 20 percent were so polluted their water quality was rated too toxic even to come into contact with.
Irish council has voted to back a motion allowing for people living in rural areas to drink and drive
India warns Kashmiris of possible nuclear attack
The cost of solar energy has dropped below the cost of diesel generation worldwide for communities living away from the electricity grid, according to the International Renewable Energy Agency
Prince Harry: Ive killed in Afghanistan. But Dad wants me to act like a prince
Japan threatens to fire at chinese fighters
 Chinese military officer has raised the spectre of nuclear weapons and warned Australia not to side with the United States and Japan as a territorial dispute in the East China Sea continues to escalate.
Not a Fake Headline: France Mad at United States for Not Vigorously Supporting an Intervention
Gambia: Govt Announces Four-Day Working Week - Fridays will henceforth become rest and prayer days alongside Saturdays and Sundays
In Mexico, citizens take on gang violence themselves.
A 56 year old British Grandmother has been sentenced to death in Indonesia for drug-trafficking $2.6 Million worth of Cocaine
Turkey: Nine Human Rights Lawyers Imprisoned
Are Animals Near Chernobyl Mutating or Thriving?
Russia to evacuate citizens from Syria
Huge gas leak creates rotten egg small across France and the UK.
The trafficking of young children, especially girls, under the garb of placement agencies, is the biggest organised crime in India today, said Bhuwan Ribhu
Polio virus found in Egypt linked to Pakistan
Russia pushes forward with controversial anti-gay legislation that would outlaw homosexual propaganda
Bank of Denmark to charge customers fee for having account to increase profits; receives fierce critisism
$20 trillion oil basin discovered in Australia set to turn the country from importer to mass exporter.
London Muslim Patrol members arrested for homophobic public harrassment
Road tunnel in Norway to stay shut for several weeks after 27 tonnes of cheese catches fire
An official says Nepals government will begin issuing citizenship certificates with the category third gender for people who do not wish to be identified as male or female.
Single and Over 27: What the Chinese Government Calls Leftover Women
Princess Bride quote intimidates passengers on a flight to New Zealand.  In other news, Inigo Montoya added to the terrorist watch list.
Despite win, Netanyahu loses big in Israel election. Israels next coalition government will likely be significantly less beholden to right-wing hardliners than the current one.
Magazine editor jailed for 11 years for defaming Thai king - King of Thailand had previously said that he did not object to criticism.
Morocco to Change Law Allowing Rape Marriage - 
Womens rights activists are welcoming a proposal by the justice minister to change a law that allows rapists to escape prosecution if they marry their underage victim
Chinese Workers Take Japanese Bosses Hostage To Protest 2-Minute Limit On Bathroom Breaks
Canadian oil company fined millions for bribing African officials.
Man survives falling from Siberian train and running 4 miles in -40C, wearing just a T-shirt, shorts and slippers
Two million people of working age have left Britain over the last decade in a drain of talent.
Malis musicians defiant in face of music ban by Islamists - they sing Song for Peace. Take a listen. 
Selfish, ignorant, dangerous: Europes verdict on Cameron speech
Nepal introduces transgender category on ID cards
Iran: authorities step up political surveillance, ordering coffee shops to install cameras to monitor customers 
Top Japanese Official Urges Elderly to Hurry Up and Die 
Famous Bridge in India is in Danger of Coming Down...Because of Spit
Primed and Ready: Huge Pentagon Bunker-Buster Gets Green Light For Possible Iran Mission 
Spain has long been disconnected from the high-speed rail network that crisscrosses Europe. But no longer. A new line connecting Madrid, Barcelona and Paris opened last week.
For Rape Victims in India, Police Are Often Part of the Problem
New Zealand environmentalist wants all cats in the country to be banned, to save the birds
Suicide bomber kills 22 inside Iraqi Shiite mosque
Syria builds paramilitary force aided by Iran, NGO says
Two former Scientology members sue church claiming it duped people into donating  millions to misrepresented causes
Dont buy South African wines: striking workers plea to foreign consumers
A renegade band of Solomon Islanders is responsible for the slaughter this week of about 900 bottlenose dolphins, says a group that was paying for the killing to stop. Villagers claim they were promised $2.4 million and only received $700,000.
The rise in drug resistant infections is comparable to the threat of global warming, according to the chief medical officer for England.
Spain unemployment rate hit a record: youth rate at 55%
A growing number of university students in Toronto are looking for sugar daddies to help pay down their tuition fees and living expenses, says the founder of a U.S. website that helps them do just that.
George Soros backs Guatemalan presidents call to end war on drugs: says the war on drugs had endangered political stability and security in many countries
The filmmaker Roger Ross Williams reveals how money donated by American evangelicals helps to finance a violent antigay movement in Uganda.
Catalonia declares itself a sovereign entity
The UN is launching an inquiry into the impact on civilians of drone strikes and other targeted killings. Twenty-five attacks will be examined - in Pakistan, Afghanistan, Yemen, the Palestinian territories and Somalia.
UK: Firearms offences are 40 per cent down in less than a decade
On a daily basis, groups of heavily armed men attack local officials, police, soldiers, teachers and any Muslim they believe is not adhering strictly enough to Islamic values: Islamist terrorism worsening in Thailand
15,000 crocodiles escape from South African farm  - Telegraph
Palestinians threaten to take Israel to ICC - Middle East - Al Jazeera English
German Supreme Court defines internet access as minimum subsistence means
UBS study heralds age of unsubsidized, profitable solar: Purely based on economics, we believe almost every family home and every commercial rooftop in Germany, Italy and Spain should be equipped with a solar system by the end of this decade.
Three Canadians Missing in Antarctica
Witchcraft claims against children in Congo DRC reflect curse of poverty. Sorcery charges are increasingly being used by poverty-stricken Congolese families as an excuse to abandon their children
Burger King has said says it is no longer sourcing food from an Irish supplier linked to horsemeat.
North Korea to target U.S. with nuclear, rocket tests
The Moroccan government has said it plans to change a law that allows rapists to avoid charges if they marry their victims. The move comes nearly a year after 16-year-old girl committed suicide after being forced to marry her alleged rapist.
Chinas latest restriction for Tibetans: no passports
How Britain Enthusiastically Teamed Up with Bushs Horrific Torture and Rendition Agenda
$20 trillion valuation of Australian oil greatly exaggerated, says the company that holds the exploration permits. 
Antibiotic-resistant diseases pose apocalyptic threat.
Game to destroy CCTV cameras: vandalism or valid protest? Activists in Berlin are teaming up to trash surveillance cameras. Points are given, with bonus scores for the most innovative modes of destruction
Prime Minister David Cameron calls for a worldwide crackdown on big companies that avoid paying taxes.
A German court ruled on Thursday that people have the right to claim compensation from service providers if their Internet access is disrupted, because the Internet is an essential part of life.
A group of Delhi women have decided the best way to make sure women are safe is to create a special cab service just for them. Women drive the cabs and only pick up women passengers. 
The Economists hilarious article on why Saudi Arabias morality police shut down a dinosaur exhibit
Kim Dotcom wants to encrypt half of the Internet to end government surveillance.
Egyptian protesters torch Muslim Brotherhood HQ in Ismailia
London hailed as one of the safest cities on the planet after murder rate hits 42 year low (99 murders last year in a city with a population of 8m).
The Catholic church in the Philippines has declared war on birth control following a landmark legislation that has come into effect, effectively making sex education and contraception more widely available
Sri Lanka to stop sending housemaids to Saudi Arabia after beheading
China media threatens North Korea aid cut over atomic test
Al Qaeda Commander Killed for the Third Time
Pacific Bluefin Tuna Population Down 96% - Fishermen from Japan, Mexico, South Korea &amp; US fish Pacific bluefin, but about 80% are consumed in Japan. Despite  finding, countries are still fishing for this tuna in its only known spawning &amp; nursery areas in the western Pacific Ocean.
Honduras Cant Pay its Bills - Street surveillance cameras in 1 of  worlds most dangerous cities  turned off cause govt hasnt paid millions it owes. Police radio threatened to be suspended. Teachers protest cause not paid in 6 mos, while doctors complain of no  gauze &amp; needles.
Indian women given kitchen knives, chili to fend off rapists The Shiv Sena party, an ally of the main opposition BJP, said it had handed out 21,000 knives with three-inch blades to women in the city and surrounding areas and plans to distribute 100,000. 
Coronal Mass Ejection Headed for Earth
21-year-old jailed for dumping pigs head at mosque
Cuba gets high-speed internet
Major oil discovery off Northern Ireland coast
A French court has ordered Twitter to hand over details of users who spread anti-Semitic messages, months after offensive tweets were removed.
US and China come together over defiant North Korea
Argentine Navy destroyer, Falklands Island conflict veteran, Rolls over and sinks at the dock due to neglect.
Army and police called in as 15,000 crocodiles flee South African farm
India Shiv Sena party gives knives to women for protection.
South Korean prosecutors have detained and charged a Korean American with the illegal transfer of a staggering 1.09 trillion won ($1.02 billion) in Iranian money frozen in South Korea under international sanctions
Google unveils detailed map of North Korea
Libor Lies Revealed in Rigging of $300 Trillion Benchmark -- The benchmark rate for more than $300 trillion of contracts was based on honesty. New evidence in bankings biggest scandal shows traders took it as a license to cheat. 
Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands to announce abdication
Israel a No-Show at Its UN Rights Review
There is currently a Canada-wide outage of the entire Visa credit card network.
Surfer breaks world record by riding an enormous 100-foot wave.
Sword gang were like a pack of dogs as they stabbed 16-year-old to death in central London - Telegraph
Man sells canned fresh air in China. Welcome to yuppie capitalism, comrades.
Tortoise survives in locked store room for 30 years
Melbourne pushes for worlds toughest smoking ban that would prevent lighting up in all public spaces as part of a proposal to make the city healthier and more attractive to visitors
Men are MUCH more likely to commit suicide by a wide margin.
Hundreds of British troops will be deployed to Mali: We cannot let states fail because we know from recent history that failed states just lead to really difficult circumstances, instability
Dozens of bodies found in Syria: Syrian Rebels and Activist findThe bodies of dozens of young men, all apparently summarily executed
Poison suspected in deaths of 10 endangered pygmy elephants in Borneo
Step-grandchildren of infamous Nazi propaganda boss Joseph Goebbels are hidden billionaires
Iran sentences U.S. pastor to 8 years in prison for for his religious beliefs
Growing number of dreadlocked people have had their hair stolen in Johannesburg the past few months.
No-Go Zones: Map Will Detail Germanys Neo-Nazi Hotspots. A German nonprofit organization is set to launch an interactive map that will show where neo-Nazi activities are concentrated across the country.
Anti-Gay Bill: German Foreign Minister Criticizes Russian Legislation  -  Moscow is seeking to make homosexual propaganda a prosecutable offense. But Germanys foreign minister  warns Russias ambassador  it could aggravate European-Russian relations.
Niger gives green light to U.S. drone deployment: Niger has given permission for U.S. surveillance drones to be stationed on its territory to improve intelligence on al Qaeda-linked Islamist fighters in northern Mali and the wider Sahara, a senior government source said.
Canadian mining firm allowed use of forced labour at African mine
Large arms shipment intercepted off Yemen, Iran eyed as source
| Reuters
100-year-old great-grandfather has spent 34 years working for same firm after becoming bored with retirement
One Billion Rising: Its like a feminist tsunami
Moodys downgrades six Canadian banks
Recent pictures from war-ridden Damascus by Reuters photographer Goran Tomasevic | The Atlantic
Japanese whalers ordered out of Australian waters - ABC News
4 at Once: Volcano Quartet Erupts on Kamchatka - A unique show is taking place on Kamchatka these days: 4 separate but nearby volcanoes are erupting simultaneously on the Russian peninsula. A Moscow film crew has produced an awe-inspiring 360-degree video of the natural fireworks.
Nunavut man who fired a semi-automatic rifle at five home intruders, killing three, has murder convictions overturned
Explosion in front of U.S. Embassy in Ankara, Turkey. Several people wounded
Iceland Kicked Out FBI Agents Who Flew in Unannounced to Investigate WikiLeaks
David Attenborough reveals his choice of successor: Professor Brian Cox
18 year-old Jamaican born footballer Raheem Sterling uses new contract with Liverpool FC to pay for Jamaican kids to go to school.
HRW: Worst year for human rights in Russia since the USSR collapsed
Syria: 420,000 people in Homs are in desperate need of humanitarian aid says UN
Peak Oil solved, but climate will fry: BP report
Mali Is Not a Stan: When it comes to covering Africas latest conflict, its suddenly amateur hour.
The French are winning handily in Mali.
Mexico City Explosion at Pemex, state oil giant.
Prisoners in Brazilian jail get four days off their sentence for every book they read.
Explosion outside USA embassy in Turkey
Irish the forgotten white slaves says expert John Martin | Irish News | IrishCentral
UN calls on Israel to remove over 500,000 settlers
Air Pollution in New Delhi Was Much Worse Than Beijing Thursday, But  Indian Government Is Not Acting.
Syria Says It Has Right to Counterattack Israel
A Russian judge who decided to spend his vacation  as a war correspondent in Syria was shot in the face
UK sperm donors win the legal right to apply for regular contact with their biological children following a landmark High Court ruling.
A truck carrying fireworks has exploded on a highway in central China, causing part of a bridge to collapse. 26 people may have been killed.
14 killed, 100 injured in blast at Mexican state oil company offices in Mexico City
Pakistan bomb: 21 die in Hangu Shia suicide attack
North Korea, poised to conduct a nuclear test any day now, has posted a video on YouTube depicting a US city resembling New York engulfed in flames after an apparent missile attack.
Woman in Bolivia has been building homes for the poor out of plastic bottles. These things are amazing.
China threatens Japanese warship with guided missiles over island dispute
North Korea dreams of the future for One Korea and the USA
Japanese Whaling Dead in the Water Without Millions in Subsidies: Animal watchdog reveals warehouses of whale meat as demand plummets
Gunman fires at Danish anti-Islam writer, misses
Greek police caught photoshopping suspects mugshots after beating them
I will not forget my childrens blood: Aleppos female sniper vows to take her revenge -- Her fame has spread throughout Aleppo. Her comrades have nicknamed her Guevara, but to many residents she is known simply as the female sniper.
Singing is un-Islamic, says Grand Mufti to Kashmirs first all-girl rock band
Somali journalist sentenced for reporting on rape
A suicide bombing that killed five Israelis and a bus driver in Bulgaria was the work of Lebanons Hezbollah militant group
Falklands will be under our control within 20 years, says Argentina 
Denmark shooting: Gunman targets Islam critic Hedegaard
CIA rendition: more than a quarter of countries offered covert support. Report finds at least 54 countries co-operated with global kidnap, detention and torture operation mounted after 9/11 attacks
Israels Education Ministry has rejected the findings of a study funded by the U.S. State Department that determined that Palestinian textbooks rarely demonize Israel or incite hatred against the Jewish people
1,800 soldiers from Chad have entered Kidal, the last major town in northern Mali under Islamic rebel control
Report due on Magdalene laundries: Over the 74 years, thousands of women were put to work in detention, mostly in industrial for-profit laundries run by nuns. Each woman had her Christian name changed, her surname unused and most have since died.
Bangladesh war crimes court jails Islamic party leader for life: Guilty on five of six charges, including mass murder and rape 
Malis Islamist Sharia Enforcers Singled Out Women For Special Persecution
Canadas penny heads into retirement
In Turkey, more than half of the navys admirals are in jail, along with hundreds of generals and other officers, all on charges of plotting to oust Turkeys mildly Islamist Justice and Development government.
Kashmirs first all-girl rock band breaks up after one concert because of threats including a fatwa from the governments cleric
Irans New Super Stealth Fighter Jet Is Totally Fake
Israels Gatekeepers break their silence
She put the photos online, but can this womans bruises keep Chinas wives safe from domestic abuse? - Asia - World
Canada officially eliminates the penny, 35 billion pennies (82M kg/ 180M pounds) will be collected and melted down. Transactions will be rounded to the nearest $0.05
Thousands of Malis ancient manuscripts were saved from the fires of radical Islamists by an illiterate 72-year-old librarian who stuffed them into millet bags and smuggled them by cart, motorcycle, canoe, then car to the capital, Bamako, on the other side of the country.
UK Parliament votes in favour of Gay Marriage.
Family decides to smoke on plane forcing pilot to do an emergency landing. Family now being sued by airline for landing fees and hotel accommodations for all the other passengers. 
PMs daughter blows whistle on 54 nations that helped US secret detention programme.
North Korea propaganda taken off YouTube after Activision complaint
Magnitude 8.0 - near Santa Cruz Island
Chinas state-run newspaper: If North Korea insists on a third nuclear test despite attempts to dissuade it, it must pay a heavy price
Catholic Church enslaved 30,000 Irish women as forced unpaid labor in Magdalene Laundries until 1996
(Reuters) - China unveiled sweeping tax reforms on Tuesday to make wealthy state-owned firms, property speculators and the rich pay more to narrow a yawning gap between an urban elite and hundreds of millions of rural poor.
Somali court sentenced a woman to a year in prison after she accused security forces of raping her, and a journalist who interviewed her was also sentenced
Malaysian airline launches quiet zones on flights, where children under the age of 12 are not permitted to sit
Ahmadinejad: Iran already a nuclear state, but has no intention of launching attack on Israel
Six Spanish tourists were raped by a gang of armed, masked men in the Mexican resort of Acapulco. They tied up the six men with phone cords and bathing suit straps and then raped the six Spanish women. The Mexican woman was not raped.
French troops killed hundreds of Islamist fighters in Mali
8.0M Solomons quake triggers tsunami warning
Danish Islam critic escapes assassination attempt
Apple slugged in Australia by new tax laws after a 5.5 billion dollar tax discrepancy - the cloak of invisibility is no longer acceptable
Gay marriage legislation passes in England and Wales
BBC News - CIA operating drone base in Saudi Arabia, US media reveal
Brazil to Scrap All Taxes On Food, President Dilma Rousseff announced
Fears in Germany as Neo-Nazis move in from Greece 
4 arrested in Egypt after shoe thrown at Irans President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
Someone Threw a Shoe at Ahmadinejad on His Not-So-Good Trip to Cairo
The assassination of the Tunisian opposition leader Chokri Belaid has sparked mass protests in the capital, Tunis, and in several cities across the country - Live Updates
An Egyptian Salafi preacher said raping and sexually harassing women protesters in Cairos Tahrir Square is justified, calling them crusaders who have no shame, no fear and not even feminism.
Australian children are to be banned from blowing out candles on communal birthday cakes under new hygiene regulations
35 ancient pyramids discovered in Sudan
A Somali court has sentenced a woman to a year in prison after she accused security forces of raping her.
Woman vandalizes famous Louvre painting Liberty Leading the People by Delacroix
The drone war is a shadow war, widely reported in the media but officially unacknowledged by the CIA and the White House. no one knows precisely how many casualties our shadow war has caused, but media and NGO reports suggest that the number of deaths is somewhere between 3,000 and 5,000.
Aviation experts say new Iranian stealth jet is a pathetic hoax that cant even fly
Police defuse bomb in Madrid cathedral
All dogs will now have to be microchipped in England
Spain Offers Citizenship to Descendants of Jews Forced Out During the Inquisition
The brutal gang rape and murder of a young woman on Saturday have led to an outpouring of anger among South Africans, frustrated with a national epidemic of sexual violence.
Personal finance education to be compulsory across England
UN says bribe payments soar in Afghanistan - Survey found that $3.9bn, twice the nations domestic revenue, was paid in bribes in 2012.
Child-free seats on AirAsia for just 25 extra
Vermont Maple Sugar Candy Producer implicated in Canadian $20-million maple syrup heist from Quebec warehouse
Born In An Iranian Prison -- And Into A Lifetime Of Consequences
Back in the USSR? Key Soviet document that proclaimed the death of the Soviet Union is missing
Blunt Words on China from U.S. Navy
Suicide bomber blows himself up near Mali soldiers
Turkey tells US envoy to stop meddling in its affairs
35 pyramids discovered in a Sudan Necropolis
Derision, bafflement over Egypt prime ministers remark on unhygienic breasts causing diarrhea
A Sri Lankan prisoner who tried to hide his cellphone during a search of his cell was caught out when guards heard a ring tone emanating from his rectum - complete with x-ray image.
Gunmen Kill 9 in Attacks on Nigerian Polio Clinics - Attacks come after  local cleric denounced polio vaccination campaigns &amp; local radio programs repeated previous conspiracy theories about such campaigns being a Western plot to harm Muslims.
Overwhelmed by a critical housing crisis, Hong Kongs poorest residents forced to live in metal cages
Iran urges to destroy all atomic weapons after N.Korea nuclear test: We need to come to the point where no country has any nuclear weapons and at the same time all weapons of mass destruction and nuclear arms need to be destroyed
Chinas patience with North Korea wears thin after latest nuclear test
Chinas New Bachelor Class An estimated 12 to 15 percent of Chinese men -- a population nearly the size of Texas -- will be unable to find a mate within the next seven years.
4.9 earthquake detected in North Korea, indicates possible nuclear blast.
In surprise move, IOC drops wrestling from 2020 Olympic program 
North Korea tells U.N. will never bow to nuclear resolutions: The U.S. and their followers are sadly mistaken if they miscalculate the DPRK would respect the entirely unreasonable resolutions against it. The DPRK will never bow to any resolutions
The same international body that enacted a 1990 global ivory ban allowed China in 2008 to import ivory. This catastrophic reversal can be counted in carcasses  elephant and human. 
Healthy Vancouver senior commits suicide in bid to change right-to-die law: I do not have a terminal illness; I am simply old, tired and becoming dependent, after a wonderful life of independence
Irans fake fighter jet which experts say cant fly is spotted in the air (with a little help from Photoshop).
Chinese Hackers Are Going After U.S. in General, Not Just Media Companies
North Korea: Nuke test just a first response aimed at U.S.
North Korea earthquake was a nuclear test, UN official says: UN Confirms nuclear test in North Korea
Police hunting serial rapist dont know whom to charge after DNA leads to arrest of identical twins
Popes Sudden Resignation Sends Shockwaves Through Church: Church officials tried to relay a climate of calm confidence in the running of a 2,000-year-old institution, but the decision could lead to uncertainty in a Church already besieged by scandal for covering up sexual abuse
Australias ABC exposes the mystery of Prisoner X, an Australian Jew working for Mossad who killed himself in Israeli Prison.
Obama to announce return of 34,000 troops from Afghanistan
| Top News
Government killing online surveillance bill
A multibillion-dollar expansion of the Panama Canal is proving a boon to scientists. The construction has revealed a trove of fossils, revealing a wide array of creatures that lived at the southern end of North America 20 millions years ago.
Japan to send planes to monitor radiation after N Korea test 
North Korea withdraws from nuclear test site: Report
Olympic Committee Drops Wrestling From 2020 Games
Coca-Cola rejects findings that its product was the most likely cause of the death of a New Zealand woman.
Not only has Putin made Russia the worlds largest oil producer, hes also made it the biggest gold buyer. His central bank has added 570 metric tons of the metal in the past decade. The added gold is also almost triple the weight of the Statue of Liberty
Tories no longer party of privilege, claims David Cameron at 400-a-head champagne ball
Non-muslim teachers at Islamic College forced to wear hijab or lose their jobs
Possible meteor shower reported in eastern Russia
Russia to ally with UN to address DPRK nuke issue
100th Tibetan self-immolates in China
One-fifth of Russian city apartments have no hot water, one-tenth no plumbing or heating
Islamists denounce Valentines Day as an excuse for forbidden sex, ban gift-buying in Indonesia
North Korea considering another nuclear test and missile launch this year
A Russian Emergencies Official Says at Least 1 Meteorite Has Fallen in Chelyabinsk Region
Australian scientists discover malarias Achilles heel
A third of Indias politicians currently have charges against them, ranging from forgery to rape to murder
Pictures from Carnival 2013!
An Iranian Revolutionary Guard commander has been killed inside Syria by rebels battling Irans close ally President Bashar al-Assad, Iranian officials and a rebel leader said on Thursday .
6-year-old raped, brutalized in New Delhi, India
Obama reaffirms commitments to defend Japan
MP says jail is good for young Aboriginal people
Jos Genoino and Francisco Tenrio, respectively found guilty of bribery and under investigation for murder, have just become Congressmen. A third of Brazils lawmakers have either been convicted or are being investigated for crimes ranging from vote-buying to theft to slave-holding.
Chinese appetite for shark fin soup devastating Mozambique coastline: Mantas and hammerheads to disappear from divers paradise if plunder is unchecked
Iraq war delivered little but bloodshed, say Britons in 10-year anniversary poll
French meat processing company Spanghero sold meat labelled as beef despite knowing it could have been horsemeat, the French government has said.
 In their hurry to flee last month, al-Qaida fighters left behind a crucial document: Tucked under a pile of papers and trash is a confidential letter, spelling out the terror networks strategy for conquering northern Mali and reflecting internal discord over how to rule the region.
 Meteor explodes in Russia
Second case of Sars-like virus in Britain indicates human-to-human infection
Tunisia: Trade unions, representing about 30 percent of the labour force, have been protesting against the ruling Ennahada party.
Inside the Vatican: The $8 billion global institution where nuns answer the phones
Burma police used incendiary weapons against mine protesters, report says. Shells containing white phosphorus were used to disperse Letpadaung protesters, causing burns, investigation finds
Huge Meteorite Impact in Russia! Striking Amateur Footage. 
North Korea threatens final destruction of South Korea at U.N.
In Russia, proposed bill will ban pride parades and public LGBT awareness events, as well as what has been deemed as pro-gay attitudes on television
Israel passes law banning models that have a BMI under 18.5
Brazil seethes over public officials super salaries, one Judge Made $361,500 in a Month
Legalising drugs would be the perfect Tory policy: It would save money, aid global security and be tough on crime. What could appeal to Conservatives more?
Russian lawmaker found dead in barrel of cement.
Detailed Proof of Chinese Army Unit Is Seen as Tied to Hacking Against U.S.
At least 3,000 children, including four under the age of 10 found huddled together in frozen embrace, are now known to have died during attendance at Canadas Indian residential schools, according to new unpublished research.
Eight men steal 50m worth of rough gems, by cutting a hole in a fence
Turkey: Children fostered by European gay couples will be retrieved
Germany Strengthens Gay Adoption Rights
Handed a snack, and then executed: the 12-year-old son of a Tamil Tiger. Photographs show boy was held before he was killed at close range
China to introduce carbon tax: official
Man arrested for pouring acid on 16-year-olds face
Chinese military linked to hacking attacks in the US.
Photographs have emerged depicting the execution of the 12 year old son of the late LTTE chief by the Sri Lankan Army
AP: Woman commits self-immolation inside Spanish bank.
Chinese Students Wore Uniforms With Cancer-Causing Dyes
UK: Border chiefs seize 48 TONS of illegal meat containing horse and donkey
The British government was warned in April 2011 that illegal horse meat was entering the human food chain
As BBC strikes, Brits trust journalists less than Americans do. Only 21% of adults in Britain trust journalists to tell the truth...40% of Americans trust journalists...
Armed robbers have made off with a gigantic haul of diamonds after a daring raid at Brussels Airport.
Scientists discover what caused Irelands Great Potato Famine
Eight people have been arrested in Russia after a politicians body (Mikhail Pakhomo) was found stuffed in a barrel of cement.
Nestle finds horse meat in beef pasta meals
Japanese are beginning to turn against the whaling industry. According to a new report, Whaling is an unprofitable business that can survive only with substantial subsidies and one that caters to an increasingly shrinking and aging market.
China officially admits the existence of Cancer Villages for the first time.
German Catholics allow morning-after pill in rape cases
Univision reporting rumors of the death of Joaqun El Chapo Guzmn (worlds #1 drug lord) after a gun battle in Guatemala. This comes one day after Wikileaks publishes emails saying he is in Guatemala. (story in spanish)
Canadian School teachers prank students with Disneyworld trip causing anger by parents and tears by students the next day.
Bangladesh protests demanding execution of atheist bloggers turn deadly.
Police ban radios in Zimbabwe to prevent those in rural areas without access to mainstream media from getting the latest updates ahead of elections.
Pope Benedict retired after inquiry into Vatican gay bishops
Heavily armed Islamic Militants from the Philippines invade Northern Malaysia 
The worlds most powerful drug lord, Joaqun El Chapo Guzman, has been killed in a gun battle between drug gangs, Guatemalan authorities suspect.
Egypt imports 140,000 teargas canisters from US.
South Korea calls for development of nuclear weapons
Parent calls to remove religious observance in non-denominational schools in Scotland
Toronto declared sanctuary city to non-status migrants: Toronto has become the first Canadian city with a formal policy allowing undocumented migrants to access services regardless of immigration status
Al Qaeda Tips On Evading Unmanned Aircraft Found In Mali
To Block Gaza Tunnels, Egypt Lets Sewage Flow
Mexican Drug Cartels Eye Spain As Their New Home
Syria conflict: Many dead in huge Damascus bombing
China holds generals son for gang rape 
$2.5 billion in lost income for Egyptian tourism since 2011. Tourism ministry prepares new campaign to promote Egypt by live-streaming images of the country around the world.
Three British Islamists convicted of plotting another 9/11
Life expectancy increased by 11 years in South Africa by new HIV combating treatment
Egyptian opposition tries to get Morsi blasted into space - You can vote for him, too.
North Korea to launch 3G network
Switzerlands only bear killed amid threat fears
 Church of Scientology in Sydney accused of holding a young Taiwanese woman hostage
 Rats trained to detect mines find 2400 landmines in Mozambique.
 North Korea expanding gulags, satellite images show
 As its vice president, the UN Human Rights Council has chosen as Mauritania  a country that allows 20% of its citizens, some as young as 10, to live as slaves.
 WikiLeaks has published over 40,000 secret documents regarding Venezuela, which show the clear hand of US imperialism in efforts to topple popular and democratically elected leader Hugo Chavez
 Deutsche Bank Is Caught In A Spiral Of Lies - Leaked internal studies show it had known for years that commodity speculation drove up food prices, but lied to German parliament about it
 Met Police rape unit encouraged victims to retract cases
 Chinese Junk Patents Flood Into Australia, Allowing Chinese Companies To Strategically Block Innovation
 Chinas riskiest property market just collapsed. ..13 percent of Chinese GDP in 2011 came from real estate investment.
 Nine men accused of gang-raping six girls aged between 11 and 15
 How Demography Is Changing Japan - The increasingly inverted structure of Japans population pyramid, with fewer young people than old people, means that it will be very difficult to generate the tax revenues necessary to pay for the healthcare needs of the elderly.
 Lion populations have fallen by 68% in just 50 years  from 100,000 to 35,000 today. 
 As a member of the radical group Fuerza Nueva, Spaniard Emilio Hellin shot and killed a 19-year-old girl in 1980.  After serving only 14 years of his 43-year-sentence, he is now employed by the Spanish Interior Ministry as a security consultant
 Oxford sex gang victim aged 11 was branded with initial of her abuser
 None of Japans 16 nuclear power plants has satisfied the governments proposed new safety standards, making them ineligible to be restarted in the near future, according to an Asahi Shimbun survey.
Religious Schools in Canada protest anti-bullying laws, claiming it infringes upon their religious freedom by mandating acceptance of homosexuals
Scotland Yards specialist sex crime team pressured woman to drop rape claim against man who went on to murder his two children
Italy in stalemate after election shock
A hot air balloon flying over Egypts ancient city of Luxor caught fire and crashed into a sugar cane field . . . killing at least 18 foreign tourists . . . It was one of the worst accidents involving tourists in Egypt and likely to push the key tourism industry deeper into recession.
Mexican Farmers Turn Into Vigilantes To Fight Narco Traffickers
Syrian Regime Launches Missile Strike on Aleppo and Kills 140
Iran tackles inappropriate dressing, by teaching chastity and hijab to toddlers
Sex, secrets, and the race for the next pope:  Pope Benedict is allegedly sitting on a secret dossier of purported scandals at the Vatican. Is there a cardinal alive who can fix this mess? 
Iranian media alters Michelle Obamas Academy Awards dress to cover her shoulders
Syrias Armenian minority flees from conflict:  Armenian-Syrians are fleeing to other countries  as their families once fled to Syria for sanctuary after the 1915 Ottoman genocide.
Maldives girl gets 100 lashes for pre-marital sex. A 15-year-old rape victim has been sentenced to 100 lashes for engaging in premarital sex, court officials said
Compulsive liar jailed after 11 false rape claims in decade
Australian Muslim activists lose free speech case. Australias highest court on Wednesday narrowly rejected the case of two Muslim activists who argued they had a constitutional free-speech right to send offensive letters to families of Australian soldiers killed in Afghanistan
North Korea warns U.S. is within range of strategic rockets, nuclear weapons
Chinese parents of gays and lesbians demand equal marriage rights
Homosexuality is a ticking timebomb for the Catholic Church: Explosive claim of former friar who says half of recruits are gay
Well never stop eating whales, declares Japanese minister
Afghan teenager whose nose &amp; ears were cut off as punishment for attempting to flee an abusive marriage has revealed her new nose after reconstructive surgery. Aesha Mohammadzai appeared on the cover of Time magazine and became an international symbol of female oppression following her mutilation.
Tony Blair: People are still very abusive to me 10 years after the Iraq War
9 year old boy hangs himself because he was being bullied for being white.
Evidence is mounting that Chinas government is sponsoring the cybertheft of Western corporate secrets.
Minister: ban smoking in cars carrying children
Beijing Restaurant Sign Triggers Fury - Sign at popular tourist spot  bars citizens of nations involved in maritime disputes with China,  triggering outrage among Vietnamese &amp; Filipinos. It reads:  This shop does not receive the Japanese,  Philippines, Vietnamese &amp; dogs.  Its gone viral.
At least 5 dead in Swiss workplace shooting
New Zealand man eaten by Great White, Police shoot at shark.
Deforestation rate in Venezuela reduced by 47%
Amsterdam to raise prostitution age, bring in brothel closing hours.
Niger arrests doctors after Bill Gates charity graft probe:  Niger arrested about 20 doctors suspected of embezzling funds from a charity set up by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation to promote vaccination in poor countries, judicial and police sources said on Monday.
Anti-protest: Bahrain bans import of plastic Guy Fawkes masks
U.N. told atheists face discrimination around globe
An accused rapist was allowed to walk free and later kill two children as a result of a London police policy to manipulate crime statistics by failing to record sexual assault allegations 
Black Canadian police officer faces charges for not investigating racial taunts directed at him.  I was treated like a dog.
In conservative Pakistan, everybody must get stoned. The garbage man doubles as a dealer, and you can light up in a prominent Sufi shrine  never mind the death penalty.
The United Nations brought a deadly strain of cholera to Haiti that killed 8,000 people but accepts no responsibility for the disaster
Salafists fail to stop Harlem Shake in Tunisia
Manning statement: Americans had a right to know true cost of war
Every year in China, 287,000 people end their lives by suicide
The 81-story skyscraper is all but invisible, shrouded by a layer of pollution so dense that even close-up objects are a blur.
Taco Bell finds traces of horse meat in U.K. products.
China Building 29 Nuclear Reactors, 40% of the Worlds Total - After  Fukushima meltdown, Germany announced itd decommission all nuclear plants. Switzerland &amp; Italy rejected proposals to build more. Japan shut down  reactors &amp; hasnt restarted them. China, on the other hand, plowed ahead.
  
  Icelands porn ban conflicts with the idea of a free society, say critics | World news
  Berlin Wall to be torn down for luxury flats
  2 US Navy Sailors Convicted in Okinawa Rape
  Norwegian health minister supports making smoking heroin legalized, to make addicts quit using needles. 
  Here ComeChinas Drones - China is developing its own drone technology -- for its own military and for sale around the world.
  Five women and one man are suing the Met Police over alleged intimate relationships with undercover police, including cases where children have been fathered.
  In Kenya, Half Brother To Obama Runs For Governor
  Dennis Rodman tells Kim Jong Un he has a friend for life
  Publicly owned Royal Bank of Scotland admits chastening year as losses breach 5bn, pays bonuses of 679m - all pretense is gone, this is blatant looting
  Delhi protest over sex attack on seven-year-old girl -There have been violent protests in the Indian capital, Delhi, after reports that a seven-year-old girl was sexually assaulted at school.
  Airline refuses to change womans flights after her son was brutally killed by a Great White shark.
  Irans nose jobs per capita rate is seven times that of the United States.
  Benedict XVI Formally Ends His Papacy and Leaves Vatican
  French forces in Mali have killed Abu Zeid, leader of Al-Quaida in north africa (no link to an english article yet )
  US Wins Appeal in Battle to Extradite Kim Dotcom
  BBC News - Mount Etna erupts from new crater
   Iran has stepped up executions of prisoners including juveniles as well as arrests of dissidents who are often tortured in jail, sometimes to death, the United Nations reported on Thursday.
   First photos of Dennis Rodman and Kim Jong Un at a basketball game in Pyongyang.
  Loss of wild pollinators serious threat to crop yields, study finds.
  Euro Zone Unemployment Rises to Record: 11.9 percent
US doctors cure child born with HIV
Batman brings in suspect to Bradford police
Japanese father dies sheltering his daughter from blizzard
Fake bishop sneaks into pre-conclave meeting at Vatican
Four cops suspended after woman beaten on camera
Female Iranian communists organize topless protest against hijabs in Swedish capital
South Afican government spends R140m ($15,5 mil) on $40 theme driven Wordpress website
Police in Northern Ireland intercept 4 mortar bombs minutes from being launched at a Londonderry Police station. 3 arrested and operation linked to dissident republicans.
Harvard Economist: Legalizing Drugs Suits Ideal of American Freedom
UK: Queen hospitalized after apparent infection
Egypt unleashes Islamic morality police force
Putting a Price on Foreigners: Strict Immigration Laws Save Denmark Billions
Australian miners fired for Harlem Shake
Hamas Will Not Allow Obama To Visit The Temple Mount on His Upcoming Trip to Israel and Palestine.
Melbourne researchers uncover HIVs genetic hiding place
A $1 billion bet on peace: Qatar funds huge Palestinian settlement in West Bank
Spains Jobless Hits Record 5 Million in February 
Germany would veto Bulgaria, Romania in Schengen: Interior Minister Hans-Peter Friedrich has told Der Spiegel magazine that Germany would not allow Romania or Bulgaria to join the European open-border Schengen zone. 
Iranian boat seized off the Yemeni coast was carrying sophisticated Chinese anti-aircraft missiles, a development that could signal an escalation of Irans support to its Middle Eastern proxies, alarming other countries in the region 
Fat Cat Initiative to be written into Switzerlands constitution, to impose some of the worlds strictest controls on executive pay
Israel on locust alert following Egyptian plague
Man charged $20,000 for roaming charges in Mexico.
The answer to Chinese pollution? Its in Japan
Nasas Curiosity Mars rover has been put into safe mode after a computer glitch caused by corrupted files.
SOS John Kerry: US to release $250 Million in Aid to Egypt to support its future democracy
A huge comet is headed for Mars. If it hits, it would be an event on the same sort of scale as the impact that drove the dinosaurs extinct 65m years ago. 
A 75-yr-old Japanese man died after 25 hospitals refused to admit him to their emergency rooms 36 times over two hours, citing lack of beds or doctors to treat him
US Ambassador Politely Asks UN Colleagues to Stop Showing Up Drunk to Meetings
Piratebay is not actually being hosted from North Korea. It was a hoax to make it appear as if the IP was originating from NK.
North Korea vows to cancel Korean War ceasefire
Desmond Tutu: Nuclear weapons must be eradicated for all our sakes. No nation should own nuclear arms  not Iran, not North Korea, and not their critics who take the moral high ground
Indias patent appeals office has rejected international drug maker Bayer AGs plea to stop an Indian company from manufacturing a cheaper generic version of a patented cancer drug
Dubious care of the sick, questionable politics and suspicious financial dealings: Researchers claim Mother Teresa was not so saintly after all
North Korea threatens to cancel Korean War cease-fire because of U.N. sanctions. Warns of surgical strikes with precision nuclear striking tool.
China officials caught spray-painting grass green in Chengdu
Relaxation of US cannabis laws violates UN drug conventions: International Narcotics Control Board criticises decision by some US states to legalise use of cannabis
Ban marketing of junk food to kids under 12, Ontario report recommends
Its not racism. The Muslim players just shouldnt be here: Beitar Jerusalem fans walk out over signing of two Muslim Chechen players
A UN human rights advocate has called on Britain and the US to release confidential reports into the countries involvement in the kidnapping and torture of terrorism suspects, accusing them of years of official denials, sophistry and prevarication to cover up the truth
Buses of company operating Palestinian-only lines torched
After being shutdown in Norway, The Pirate Bay Returns from North Korea.
Soviet war veteran found in Afghanistan after 33 years
South Africa running out of Rape kits due to massive numbers of Rape cases...
A look inside N. Koreas Gulag system. A filthy side of the country Dennis Rodman ignored. 
Russia Fears Its Troops Will Riot if Cigarette Rations End
Only one in 10 regular mass-going Roman Catholics in Britain feel any guilt about using contraception . . . They are also much less likely to feel guilty about committing adultery, having sex before marriage or using pornography than people from many other religious groups.
Gaza marathon cancelled after Hamas bans women runners
Cancer drug ruling seen as victory for poor: Indias patent appeals office rejects Bayer AGs plea to stop production of generic version of a patented cancer drug -- Bayer sells a one month supply for US$5600. Natcos version would cost Indian patients US$175 a month
HSBC paid CEO Stuart Gulliver $11 million last year despite record money laundering fine
Syrians tear down statue of Bashar al-Assads father after rebel advance
Venezuelas Hugo Chavez dead at 58
Chinese Farmers Revolt Against Govt Land Grab - Demand free elections, saying their chief sent thugs to attack the community. The road that runs along Shangpu is littered with burned-out cars. Farmers have built tents &amp; barricades. Police have been in standoff 2 weeks.
Horse meat scandal sparks rise in sales of vegetarian alternatives: Quorn, the UKs biggest vegetarian ready meal brand, said it had seen sales growth more than double in the second half of February 
Ikea withdraws chocolate cakes containing faecal matter
Australia has confirmed for the first time that an Australian-Israeli man who died while secretly jailed in Israel worked for the Israeli government
South Korea threatens North Korean leadership 
For the first time, a man and a transgender woman are married in Israel
Australia: Police naive to tell public not to film arrest
Microsoft Fined $731 million for Breaking EU Promise
Campaigners demand Google stop whale and ivory ads on Google Japan
Research indicates that nearly one-third of the soot in the San Francisco Bay Area blew over from Asia.
The EU have agreed to cap bankers bonus ... despite opposition from Britain
End of the inquisition: Sephardic Jews invited back to Spain after 500 years. [BBC]
China to Back New Sanctions Against North Korea
African elephants face alarming declines
UN cancels Gaza charity marathon as Hamas bans women runners
Israel ill-treatment of Palestinian minors systematic: UN
Syrian Refugees Number One Million
In Finland parents kill 8-year-old daughter after brutally abusing her for all her life. One of the most disgusting crimes in Finnish history.
Choking to Death: The Health Consequences of Air Pollution in China - The poor air quality, according to a leading Chinese public health expert, is worse than SARS because nobody can escape it.
A United Nations-based drug agency urged the United States government on Tuesday to challenge the legalization of marijuana for recreational use in Colorado and Washington, saying the state laws violate international drug treaties.
Canadians consume 50% more alcohol than the rest of the world, claims study
National outrage in China after car thief kills a 2 month old baby he discovered in the back seat.
British troops will leave Germany a year earlier than planned to end a legacy of World War II by 2019, UK Defence Secretary Philip Hammond announced late on Tuesday
Hugo Chvez will return on resurrection day, says Ahmadinejad
Rhino Poachers Shot Dead by Forest Guards in India
N. Korea threatens preemptive nuclear strike against aggressors
A court in New Zealand has ruled that Megaupload boss Kim Dotcom can sue the countrys foreign intelligence service for illegally spying on him.
Scouts Canada to Carly Rae Jepsen: Were pro-LGBT, so perform for us, maybe?
Unknown class of bacteria found under ice crust of Antarctic lake: Voice of Russia
Silvio Berlusconi sentenced to 1 year in prison in wiretrap trial
EU Parliament voting for a complete ban on pornography. Eliminating Gender Stereotypes in the EU is the innocuous title of a report that sounds like the sort of thing few would object to, but as Swedish Pirate MEP, Christian Engstrom notes, the devil is in the details.
UN Security Council approves new sanctions to punish North Korea for its latest nuclear test.
North Korea says to exercise right to preemptive nuclear attack against U.S. - KCNA
Tesla Motors loses appeal case against Top Gear - Judge says lost sales from alleged libel quite unrealistic.
In a Grain of Golden Rice, a World of Raging Controversy Over GMO Foods - Theres rice growing in  the Philippines unlike any ever seen. Its yellow &amp; genetically modified with beta-carotene.  Its become the symbol of an idea: genetically engineered crops can improve lives, rousing  global debate.
Scientists believe crystal found in shipwreck could be a sunstone - mythical Viking navigational aid
A proposal by the US to ban cross-border trade in polar bears and their parts was defeated on Thursday at an international meeting.
20 UN observers seized by Free Syrian Army Rebels in Golan Heights.
Woman mauled to death by a lion as she had sex with her boyfriend in the African bush
US names pro-Hitler Egyptian woman of courage
Peacekeepers Kidnapped in Golan Heights
Australia, citing nuclear test, bars North Korea from reopening embassy
The stompin legend himself Canadian singer Tom Conners passes away at 77
N Korea building huge security perimeter - satellite images show political prison camps expanding to enclose civilian settlements, Amnesty International says
Chechnya Islamic militants from Russia team up with Syrian rebels in jihad against Assad 
Inside Fukushima two years on: radiation levels too high to enter reactors
Furious over UN sanctions vote, North Korea vows to launch pre-emptive nuclear strike
The United Nations says about 20 peacekeepers in the force charged with monitoring the cease-fire between Israel and Syrian troops on the Golan Heights have been detained by approximately 30 armed fighters.
BBC News - Silvio Berlusconi convicted over Italy wiretap
North Korea officially voids non-aggression pacts with South, following new round of UN sanctions
North Korea says prepare for war
North Korea has voided its armistice with the South four times in the last 10 years
BBC News - North Korea says it ends peace pacts with South
Skypes Been Hijacked in China, and Microsoft Is O.K. With It -- How a computer-science graduate at the University of New Mexico deciphered a complex surveillance system governing Skype chats in China
Bosnian woman helps win recognition of rape as a war crime
Mexican Supreme Court: anti-gay comments are hate speech, not free speech, and are not legally protected
First drones and now real life Skynet: web-based brain for robots goes live in Europe.
South Koreas president calls for joint defense readiness against North Koreas provocations
Vatican gets eternal life: Puts its entire library online
North Korea ends non-aggression pacts with South, cuts hotline
The EU will not accept any moves by the Americans to water down rules about the collection of individual personal information by companies, EU Justice Commissioner Viviane Reding said today in Brussels
Police puzzled by human skulls found near consulates and Mormon churches in Sao Paulo, Brazil. 
Nations Consider Protecting Sharks as 100 Million Die Each Year
  Every year in commercial fisheries around the world some 100 million sharks die, according to scientific findings released today. In Bangkok, 178 govts will decide whether to protect the most vulnerable shark species.
  The world is hottest it has been since the end of the ice age - and the temperatures still rising
  UN Security Council unanimously approves sanctions against North Korea in 15-0 vote. The resolution was drafted by China and the United States
  SKs Ministry of Defense vows to obliterate NK from the face of Earth if NK launches nuclear strike against SK
  White House: We can stop a North Korean nuke strike
  China has appealed for calm on the Korean peninsula, hours after North Korea said it had scrapped all peace pacts with the South and threatened pre-emptive nuclear strikes.
  A Catholic Church in India bans Catholic school girl who was raped by a Catholic congressman from attending.
  U.S. says U.N. sanctions will bite after North Korea threatens nuclear attack
  Every 2 hours, a woman in New Delhi(capital of INDIA) is molested or raped
  Palestinian pedestrians must walk along a tiny dirt road, while Jewish settlers and their guests get the rest of the street.
  Japan Earthquake, 2 Years Later: Before and After
  Economist: If you are a working woman, move to New Zealand.
South Korean Military Now Preparing for Unexpected North Korean Move
North Korea invalidates 60 year armistice and cuts off direct phone lines to South Korea.
Nearly 3,000 dead pigs found in river supplying Shanghais drinking water
Asias turning tide against shark fin soup. Chinas Communist Party vowed to phase out shark fin soup from official functions. Taiwan, the fourth-largest shark fin market, outlawed fishermen from sawing off shark fins and dumping the carcass overboard. The same rule applies to boatmen in EU waters.
Rice prices skyrocket in North Korea
S. Korea, U.S. kick off annual war game amid tension
The Reserve Bank of Australia has been hacked by the Chinese
Former 10 y.o. Yemeni child bride Nujood Ali is now 15. She stopped going to school and fled daily beatings by her father, who is stealing all proceeds from her book. I made it possible for my father to buy new wives.
Kim Jong-uns Slush Funds Found
In China, public anger is growing over secrecy on environment
Call for Cannabis to Relieve Pain in New South Wales - 
It should be approved for medicinal use to help people suffering chronic pain, advocates tell parliamentary committee, which is looking into 
 feasibility &amp; safety of using it as a medicine, legal implications &amp; how to get it to   patients.
 N. Korea reiterates will to invalidate armistice pact
 Northern Irish women risk jail by admitting use of abortion drugs
 Saudi Arabia may stop beheading due to swordsmen shortages
 POLICE have issued a warning about a bad batch of LSD imprinted with an image of pop icon Psy doing a Gangnam Style dance.
N. Korea threatens all-out war ahead of S. Korea-U.S. military drill
Sweden Princess Lilian dies aged 97.
Bundestag votes that acess to clean water isnt a human right - opens road to clean water resources privatisation in EU (and beyond?)
US, Japan, EU Announce New Pressure on North Korea: UN Investigation into Human Rights Abuses to Lead to International Criminal Court Case
Nazis would be elected today, over 50% of Austrians believe.
After centuries of public beheadings, the kingdom of Saudi Arabia is considering firing squads as an alternative means of execution because of the scarcity of swordsmen and their unavailability in a number of regions
Polish plant using rotten meat: A Polish meat plant exporting to EU countries has been closed after inspectors discovered it was adding old meat to products
A Push to Investigate North Koreas Human Rights Abuses
Outrage as lion that killed woman as she made love to boyfriend is shot
Delhi gangrape case: Prime suspect Ram Singh commits suicide
N. Korea ready to fight a real war with the U.S, its media report. 
EU bans sale of all animal-tested cosmetics [BBC]
Japan says it has successfully extracted natural gas from frozen methane hydrate off its central coast, in a world first.
Ukrainian military has apparently lost three of its trained dolphins in the Black Sea. these dolphins have been trained to attack enemy combat swimmers using special knives or pistols fixed to their heads.
Falklands vote in favour of staying British: 98.8% vote yes with 92% turnout
EU votes to reject porn ban proposals
Chopsticks Killing Trees, Chinese Lawmaker Says - Legislator, a forestry firm head, urges China to save trees by reducing 80bn pairs of chopsticks  a yr.    We urge people to carry their own tableware.  Rising  wood demand, at least 1/10  illegal, means fate of worlds forests in Chinas hands.
US sends clear warning to North Korea after Pyongyang declares armistice void
Despite war threats, North Korean border units hit by growing AWOLs
BBC News - Falklands referendum: Islanders vote to remain British
[Korea Times] Frontier NK soldiers deserting in large numbers 
The Vatican, Iran, and Russia are blocking progress in the UNs Commission on the Status of Women.
As cardinals gather to elect Pope, Catholic officials break into a sweat over news that 23m investment includes gay sauna 
An Ugly Truth in the War on Drugs: human rights abuses in the war on drugs are widespread and systematic
Irans Ahmadinejad commits grave sin, behaves in a way inappropriate for the president of an Islamic state. His crime? Consoling Hugo Chvezs mother at Chvezs funeral. 
5 Shark Species Win Protection Against Fin Trade in Historic Turnaround - Millions of sharks killed each yr  for shark-fin soup  now have greater protection after worlds biggest wildlife summit votes to crack down.  Some nations now see  sharks more valuable alive, as a source of tourism.  
N.K. leader visits front-line units near western sea border, tells troops to throw all enemies into a cauldron, break their waists and cut their windpipes.
 Paranoid Dictators Communist-Era Bunkers Now a National Nuisance - In Albania, 750,000 Communist-era bunkers populate the landscape, relics of the paranoia &amp; skewed priorities of former dictator Enver Hoxha.  The peculiar bunkerization resulted in 1 bunker for every 4 citizens.
 Researchers in China are randomly disabling mouse genes one at a time, in order to identify the function of each gene. By essentially throwing darts at a genetic dartboard to see what happens, the researchers have filled 45,000 mouse cages with mutant mice.
Second Korean War Is Unavoidable (x-post from r/Pyongyang)
New Zealand Condemns Argo
UN Says Korean War Armistice Still in Force
Soviet soldier missing since 1980 found in Afghanistan
UN asks North Koreas Kim Jong-un to tone down war talk as he rallies troop
Sex Abuse Cover-Up Claims Disturb Conclave: A plain clothes policeman watches Francesco Zanardi. As he waits for his moment just outside the Vatican in St Peters Square, Zanardis intention is clear. So is the policemans. 
Irish college students had 36 hrs to get as far as they could in the world, without spending any money. Some reached Argentina, Australia and Malaysia.
New Zealand gay marriage bill passes
North Korean Desertion Skyrocketing, Number of NK Military AWOL Shoots Up Eightfold
Assassination attempt of Kim Jung Un could explain recent threats
North Korea seems to have taken initial steps to deploy mobile long-range missiles- U.S. Intelligence Chief
China to abolish hated labour camps
Pirate Bay Founders Case Rejected by Human Rights Court: The European Court of Human Rights has rejected an application to hear the cases of Peter Sunde and Fredrik Neij, two of the co-founders of The Pirate Bay
An Estonian man returned a library book 69 years late, and said a World War II aerial bombing that damaged the library was partly to blame for the late return. The book was checked out on March 7, 1944, while Estonia was occupied by Nazi Germany.
Dutch scientists are creating the first in vitro beef from bovine stem cells. The synthetic meat could feed the world and save the environment.
In the ultimate story of payback, British boxer Curtis Woodhouse tracks down a twitter troll and shows up at his doorstep
Chris Hadfield takes over as space station commander
Almost quarter of Russians believe gay people should be forced to undergo psychological treatment and 5% think they should be liquidated, according to new survey
Analysis of a rock sample collected by NASAs Curiosity rover shows ancient Mars could have supported living microbe
Inflated Salaries: Merkel Joins German Battle Against Executive Pay - Both the EU &amp; Switzerland have drawn a line in the sand when it comes to excessive compensation packages. Now, Berlin is to cap salaries. For Merkel, this is a U-turn, but with growing public discontent, she had little choice.
Why North Korea loves to threaten World War III (but probably wont follow through)
Every nations most popular porn site search term revealed: Americans favour a MILF, Australians like gay men and Syrians like their aunt
Craig Venter says he is close to creating artificial life
N. Koreas military again threatens merciless retaliation for S. Korea, U.S.
A United Nations report has suggested that a Palestinian infant who died in the fighting in Gaza last November may have been killed by an errant Palestinian rocket rather than by an Israeli airstrike as was widely believed at the time. 
Egyptian Christian tortured to death by Police in Libya
WHO confirms 15th case of new corona virus. Half the victims have died
Indias prime minister has said there will be consequences unless Italy returns two marines charged with the murder of two fishermen in Kerala
Saudi Arabia executes seven men despite UN appeal for clemency 
N. Korea sharply increases flights of fighter jets
China pulls nearly 6,000 dead pigs from Shanghai river, says water still safe to drink
Bill Gates: capitalism means male baldness research gets more funding than malaria
India is now covering water canals with solar panels, this way they are preventing water loss through evaporation and saving space while creating energy.
North Korea guides artillery exercises against South Korean Island.
Vatican Elects New Pope
At least 28% of South African schoolgirls are HIV positive compared with 4% of boys because sugar daddies exploit them, the health minister says. 
Rare Asian coin found in Kenya proves trading between Asians and Africans occurred well before Europeans
75 percent of Chinese say air pollution a big problem in China; 81 percent agreed with statement that today the rich just get richer while the poor get poorer.
BBC News - Germany bans three anti-democratic Islamist groups
LHC confirms Higgs boson identification
photos of children from around the world with their most prized possessions
Pope Francis I aided the Argentine Military Dictatorship that disappeared many thousands
47 temples, 700 Hindu houses torched across Bangladesh
France could join the small club of countries that require net neutrality: The French government has put forward a new plan that could enshrine net neutrality in national law. They would become the fourth country in the world with a law for net neutrality.
Pope Francis I rejects luxuries and the special car for him: Ill just go with the guys on the bus
French court rejects sick mans plea for medicinal cannabis, fines him 300 for possession
Keystone XL Pipeline Not Good for Canada - 
Opposition Leader Thomas Mulcair criticizes Canadas Conservative govt, saying  pipeline exacts heavy environmental cost.  Pumping tar sands oil to America would cost 40,000 Canadian jobs &amp; keep energy prices high in Canada, he says. 
RPT-Pentagon Weapons-Maker Finds Method For Cheap, Clean Water: * Filter could sharply cut energy needed to remove salt from water * Officials say firm has patented process, looking for partners * Cheaper seawater purification could help ease water security fears
Amsterdam prostitute twins retire at 70 after 50 years and 355,000 men
Hosni Mubaraks police chief gave shoot to kill order, with the former presidents full knowledge. Police, including rooftop snipers, were responsible for nearly all of the deaths of the 850 protesters killed during Egypts 2011 uprising, a government inquiry has concluded.
North Korean domains are becoming inaccessible from a specific IP range.
Supreme Court of India restrains Italian Ambassador from leaving India
The Russian President Vladimir Putin has called for the revival of a Soviet-era physical evaluation programme that required all schoolchildren to pass fitness test
Monarch Butterflies Drop Ominously in Mexico
Swarming locusts descend on Israel 
Sudan official says if doctors refuse to amputate, judges can train to do it to carry out sentences
British tourist jumped from hotel balcony in India and injured severely to escape from rape
Two lynchings in Egypt as villagers take the law into their own hands. Egyptians civilians are increasingly killing suspected rapists and kidnappers in response to lack of security. 
Kim Dotcom Still Causing Headaches For Spy Agency: Documents show that in Dec 2011 when the spying began, police already had information which stated that Dotcom was a NZ resident which rendered the surveillance illegal.
Indian Parliment passes new anti-rape laws: new provisions allow for the death penalty, and minimum sentence for gang rape, rape of a minor, rape by a person in authority will be doubled to 20 years and can be extended.
EU: Illegal downloads are NOT so harmful to the music industry [PDF Alert]
Suffocating in the streets: Chemical weapons attack reported in Syria
New recorded conversation between President Johnson and adviser reveal that Nixon sabotaged a Vietnam peace treaty in order to win the 1968 election
To crack down on secret suburban cannabis farms, marijuana-scented scratch-n-sniff cards are being sent to hundreds of British homes.
Tensions rise as US B-52 bomber flies over Korean peninsula
U.S. confirms Syrian aircraft fired rockets into Lebanon
BBC News - Syrian rebels use chemical weapon
U.S. joins Australia and New Zealand in backing Antarctic marine sanctuary amid calls for fishing ban: ...drawn a proposal for a marine sanctuary covering 1.6 million square kilometers of the Ross Sea, which would be the worlds largest reserve.
Nine former chief executives of fallen Icelandic bank Kaupthing indicted for involvement in general market manipulation in the years prior to the banks crash.This is the largest case of its kind in the world that has lead to an indictment.
South Korea now wants their own nuclear program to counter the North.
Anti-gay Islamic preacher Khalid Yasin prevented from attending University of East London event
Curiosity rover breaks rock to reveal dazzling white interior
Pentagon Says B-52 Was Flown Over South Korea in Signal to North
Rwandan warlords sudden surrender at U.S. Embassy
New Zealand is planning on a Cyprus-style solution: Small depositors may lose some of their savings to pay for bank bailouts.
The number of dead pigs found in a river near Shanghai rose to more than 13,000 over the weekend. Last Friday, the figure stood at about 7,500.
British woman jumps from Agra hotel balcony to escape sexual assault
Former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt is due to go on trial for genocide and crimes against humanity on Tuesday, the first time a country has prosecuted an ex-head of state in a national court on such charges
Cyprus Finance Minister Quits
List of the 5 biggest exporters and importers of arms in the world during 2008-2012.
Second computer glitch shuts down NASA Mars rover
More prisoners at Guantanamo Bay have joined a growing hunger strike that their lawyers say reflects hopelessness about their prospects of ever being freed from the detention center in Cuba.
british water companies are caught avoiding tax, while raising consumer bills and paying millions to their bosses
North Korea Military Warns it will Attack if US Flies B-52s Again
A 14 year old Indian kills herself after getting raped at school
Australian State passes law ending the right to silence when dealing with police. 
Dennis Rodman reveals Kim Jong Un has a daughter
Supreme Court issues ruling allowing foreign buyers of textbooks and movies a right to resell them in the US without the permission of the copyright owner
The Bolshoi Ballet was a brothel Female dancer claims ballerinas were forced to sleep with wealthy patrons 
Korea Asks US to Respond to Growing Crimes by US Soldiers
Spanish pig farm investigation finds violation of EU animal welfare law: pregnant sows kept in sow stalls so narrow that they cannot even turn around. Also finds painful and routine mutilations, and overcrowding, says welfare group
Who among us has not followed girls? When you want to talk to a woman she wont at first, you have to put in a lot of effortIts the same all over the country.
says an Indian legislator during the debate for passing anti-rape bill, in Indias lower house of Parliament.
Cyber attack paralyzed three news networks and two major banks in South Korea
Builder Saves 2 Year Old Girls Life in Supermarket. 
Canadas No To Iraq War A Defining Moment For Prime Minister, Even 10 Years Later
Five men arrested for sexually harassing a Norwegian woman... in India.
Panama tax haven for weathly Germans:  Forget Switzerland; some of Germanys richest families, including Porsche and coffee giant Jacobs, have far-flung businesses registered in oft-forgotten tax haven Panama 
86 elephants killed in Chad poaching massacre
Poachers in Chad slaughter 89 elephants:  Pregnant females and calves among those killed for tusks, as African governments prepare to hold anti-poaching talks.
Cyprus votes no on bailout that would have seized money directly from bank accounts, with not one vote in favour of the bill
Saudi princes not immune from UK law, court rules. High court judgment against father and son could aggravate tensions in relations between Britain and Saudi Arabia
US Supreme Court upholds first sale doctrine 
A U.S. group that tracks clergy abuse called on Pope Francis to apologize Tuesday for what it called the Argentine churchs protection of two priests who were eventually convicted of abusing children.
US allegedly coordinates transfer of 3,000 tons of weapons to Syria militants
Palestinians in Bethlehem set fire to pictures of US President Barack Obama, saying he was not welcome in their city.
Scotland may allow Jedi to perform marriage ceremonies.
Twelve North Korean soldiers attempting to defect have been captured by Chinese troops and sent back to NK
India passes rape law that sets age of consent at 18
North Korea says, North Korea is a great place for human rights.
South Korea admits that the Hacking Attempt from an IP address from China was actually from a Local IP address at the same Bank
Number of dead pigs found in Chinese rivers rises to 16,000: Authorities say Shanghais water is safe, but no official explanation has yet been given for the dumping of carcasses
Pre-Viking tunic found on glacier as warming trend aids archaeology
An uprising against the Taliban that began last month in this southern Afghan village has now spread through dozens of others.
Father of African literature Chinua Achebe dies aged 82
1,000 dead ducks join 16,000 dead pigs floating in Chinese rivers.
Netanyahu makes apology to Turkey over 2010 Gaza flotilla
Thousands sign school climate change petition started by 15-year-old. Esha Marwaha from west London says she is outraged that climate change has been scaled back in national curriculum
Citizens band together to arrest former British prime minister over involvement in Iraqs invasion a decade ago
BBC News - South Korea says China hack link a mistake
Trans teacher whose gender reassignment made news, found dead at home 
Major terror attack on scale of 7/7 foiled every year in UK, police reveal
Singles Caught Having Sex Face Jail Time Under Proposed Law in Indonesia | The Jakarta Globe
Map of the countries that are most and least welcoming to foreigners. Surprises?
New North Korean video depicts invasion of South, US hostages
Italy marines return to face India charges
Suicide Bomber Kills  45 People at a Mosque, Killing Pro-Regime Sunni Cleric
More than 100 cars involved in highway pile-up near Edmonton, Alberta, Canada
Ex-gay London bus advert ban ruled lawful
Israel PM apologies to Turkey for Gaza flotilla deaths
South African electricity consumers are subsidising BHP Billiton, allowing 2 smelters to pay 20% for electricity what every user in the country pays.
Rare earths treasure trove found in seabed near Minami-Torishima:  Scientists said that they have identified rich seabed deposits of rare earth elements in a Japanese exclusive economic zone near Minami-Torishima, a coral reef 2,000 kilometers southeast of Tokyo.
Scottish Govt Approves Windfarm Opposed by Donald Trump - 
US businessman claims wind project off Aberdeen coast will spoil the views from his nearby golf course
Japan breaks Chinas monopoly on rare metals with discovery of vast reserves (x-post from science)
A photo that makes North Korea look a lot less scary. - Washington Post
A week after Frances top court ruled that a woman was wrongfully fired from a private nursery school for refusing to remove her Islamic veil, a new poll shows a majority of French people support a ban of all religious signs in private workplaces. 
Egypt sentences Muslim to death for raiding several Christian houses and killing two people
North Korea threatens Guam, Hawaii, US mainland
Bill Gates to boost sex lives of millions with condom redesign
BRICS Nations  -- Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa -- Plan New Bank to Bypass World Bank, IMF
Irish Catholics continue to flee the church:  A combination of clergy sex abuse revelations and a more secular climate has created a stigma against attending Mass.
Italy overturns Amanda Knox Acquittal, Orders Retrial
One in five French bottled waters contain drugs or pesticides 
Indias richest politician shot dead 
Syrias Shiites offer different picture of war:  Shiite Muslims who fled Syria for Lebanon tell of an ethnic cleansing campaign by rebels intent on creating a Sunni-run Islamic state.
South Korea cyberattack traced to U.S. and Europe, not China
James Cameron donates Deapsea Challenger submarine to science.
Not just for the Taliban anymore: drones are now tracking rhino poachers
Bahrain blocks Doctors Without Borders medical ethics conference
Cypriots are angry at the suggestion only Russian mobsters or foreign investors will lose money. Pensioners, businesses and regular Cypriots who have large bank balances, could lose between 20 to 40 per cent of their money in a one-time tax meant to bail out the broke banks
Google forces new word - ogooglebar - out of the Swedish language - Pressures Language Council
Rise in Egypt Sex Assaults Sets Off Clash Over Blame: Egyptian Women Blamed For Sexual Assaults
Ranchers Try to Drive Tsiman Indians Off Their Land:  We cant take any more abuse, Carmelo Tayo, the head of this small Tsiman indigenous village, says sadly. The community has lived for decades on land in Bolivias Amazon jungle that outsiders are now trying to gain control of.
BBC News - China buys fighter jets and submarines from Russia
Spanish Government Bows Down To US Pressures Again, Pushes SOPA-Like Law To Appease Hollywood
Irish town to allow residents to drink and drive
Out of sight, out of mind. Every drone attack in Pakistan visualised
Pope Francis urged Catholic priests to devote themselves to helping the poor and suffering instead of worrying about their careers as Church managers
Egyptian women fight back as sexual assaults skyrocket
First Human-Neanderthal Hybrid Found
Mother gets 30 years for letting 2 kids starve to death in Osaka
Stealth B-2 Bombers headed to South Korea
Japan to purchase 42 US built F-35 fighter jets describing them as the best fighter. 
The use of coal power in Alberta adds $300-million a year to health expenses, a factor that heavily increases coals true cost, a new report has found.
Mexican vigilantes seize town, arrest police
Gut bacteria key to treating obesity without surgery
Canada quietly pulls out of UN anti-droughts convention
Why I just got called out by North Korean state media
Twitter Caves to Vladimir Putin, Censors Content Within Russia.
IMF, citing $1.9 trillion in government subsidies, calls for end to energy mispricing
Iraqi oil: Once seen as U.S. boon, now its mostly Chinas
University of Damascus hit by mortars
Chinas New Stealth Fighters Missile Launch Rails Prove Beijing Can Improve U.S. Technology
Billions of locusts everywhere the eye can see, eating most everything in sight. Thats the harsh reality affecting roughly half the island nation of Madagascar  an emergency situation compounded by natural disasters and a prolonged political crisis.
The new Icelandic constitution has been killed in cold blood - RIP our new constitution - Written by the nation, for the nation
Bomb Explodes Near Acropolis in Central Athens
Red Cross to visit Guantanamo as hunger strike spreads
Chinese gaming addict spends six solid years at an Internet cafe
Man who points laser at aircraft lands a 30-month prison sentence.
Russia raids offices of Amnesty International and other human rights groups
Guantanamo hunger strikers denied water - thirty-one men on hunger strike lodge complaint with Red Cross that they are being denied drinking water by jailers
Mexico vigilantes detain police in Guerrero:  Hundreds of armed vigilantes have occupied a town in south-western Mexico after one of their leaders was killed. 
Samoa Air becomes the first airline to introduce pay as you weigh aifares meaninig overweight passengers pay more
Free abortions come into force in France: As of April 1 women in France will have access to free abortions, while teenage girls will be able to get free and anonymous contraception.
One Month After Threatening a College Newspaper with Legal Action for Criticizing Their Anti-Gay Marriage Campaign, The Iona Institute Is Threatening to Sue Another Paper For Reporting It
A list of those that had private foreknowledge and withdrew large sums of money in RUB, EUR and USD out of Cyprus.
U.S. marijuana law changes bring boom to B.C. hydroponics
No end in sight for North Korea tensions
Western women warned friendliness confuses Indian men
Chinas anger at North Korea overcomes worry over U.S. stealth flights: North is to blame for the tensions and that hostilities are not imminent
North Korea crisis gone too far says UN chief Ban Ki-moon
US Navy shifts guided missile destroyer in wake of North Korea missile threats
Afghan Girl, 6, Rescued from Child Bride Fate; Countless Others not so Lucky
Jon Stewart obliterates Egypts president for arresting Egypts Jon Stewart
First australian ambassador of aboriginal origin appointed
North Korea names new premier seen as economic reformer amid nuclear tension
Eurozone unemployment hits all-time high: 19 million out of work
Police Officer sues robbery victim after injury while investigating premises. Litigation culture gone mad?
Mislabeled fish slip into Europes menus. Research reveals that 7% of cod and haddock - the deep-fried staples of British fish and chips - actually turn out to be cheaper fish substituted to cut costs.
Air pollution linked to 1.2 million premature deaths in China
African nations increase farm spending, winning poverty battle
The U.S. Navy is moving a radar platform closer to North Koreas coast, the Pentagon says
Russia going back to Afghanistan? Kremlin confirms it could happen
A new strain of bird flu, H7N9, has killed 2 in China, but doctors dont detect human transmissions.
Hamas law promotes gender segregation in Gaza schools
American tourist riding public transportation was gangraped in Brazil
Camp Nama: British personnel reveal horrors of secret US base in Baghdad - Detainees captured by SAS and SBS squads subjected to human-rights abuses at detention centre, say British witnesses
Canadian father appalled that mother who drowned two young boys and left their dead bodies for her husband to find next to her wedding ring will be released after serving only 10 months.
Pyongyang asks China to send envoy- Beijing rejects the request
North Korea seen moving mid-range missile to east coast
Offshore Leaks: Vast Web of Tax Evasion Exposed - International network of journalists has 2.5m records from tax havens detailing letterbox firms, offshore accounts &amp; dubious financial deals. The unprecedented leaks include names of 130,000 people who moved money offshore.
N. Korea has just vowed actual military actions against the US
Anonymous Hacks Official North Korean Social Media Accounts: The hackers allegedly seized control of North Koreas official Twitter and Flickr accounts, in the process defacing several related websites, and making the autocratic nation look extremely unprepared for cyber attack.
Anonymous wealth from around the world revealed after data leak
Two North Korean submarines have disappeared - Chosun TV (Translated)
US Official: N. Korea may be planning launch, Its unknown whether it would be a test or a strike.
A renowned Alberta water scientist is urging the federal government to take action after he discovered deformities in fish in the Athabasca River downriver from oil sands developments bear a striking resemblance to ones found in fish after spills in U.S. waters.
The Next Korean War and how the Kim regime might play the nuclear card to force a indecisive war (Good analysis for those wanting more than jokes about NK)
Secret Files Expose Offshores Global Impact: A cache of 2.5 million files has cracked open the secrets of more than 120,000 offshore companies and trusts, exposing hidden dealings of politicians, con men and the mega-rich the world over.
North Korea approves nuclear strike on US
Bank of Japan to pump $1.4 trillion into economy in unprecedented stimulus
North Korea warns nuclear war on America could break out today or tomorrow.
Sorry, Anonymous probably didnt hack North Koreas intranet
US tells North Korea to drop threats after nuclear warning
North Korean Twitter Account Hacked By Anonymous.
Signs of North Korea Easing Off War Message at Home
North Koreas missile movement not aimed at U.S. mainland
Hack attacks hit Bitcoin exchange rates
North Korea warns the moment of explosion is near. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright is standing by to discuss at 6:29p ET on CNN
Not a crime to make known crime of a state: Senior Swedish judge backs Assange
N Korea, final approval for nuclear attack on US
Manchester police to record attacks on goths and punks as hate crimes
Ex-Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has died following a stroke
Iceland voted the friendliest place on earth
Swiss offer to mediate in North Korea crisis, foreign ministry already made contact with the North Korean authorities
Germany: Thieves Swipe 5 Tons of Nutella
The Canadian government has barred scientists from entering the Experimental Lakes Area in Ontario. As funding for the freshwater research station dried up this week, scientists with on-going projects at the facility were left wondering about the future of their research.
N. Korea to withdraw all its workers from Kaesong complex
Wikileaks releases Kissinger Cables with 2 million documents.
120 tons of radioactive water leak out of Fukushima plant
Prime Minister of Iceland visits China with HER wife - Anticipation over reactions
British grandmother sentenced to death by firing squad for drug trafficking in Indonesia.
Britons accused of drug offences in Dubai are refused legal visits and claim to have been tortured (including electrocuting testicles)
India Use Drones to Protect Rhinos From Poachers -
An oil discovery is expected earn the Falkands $10.5 billion over the next 25 years
Bemused Vladimir Putin and Angela Merkel confronted by topless Femen protester in Hanover
Greek Commission Concludes Germany Owes Billions in War Reparations The total could be enough to solve the countrys debt problems, but the Greek government is wary of picking a fight with its paymaster.
North Korea seen readying for fourth nuclear test
Why Japan is the most interesting story in global economics right now
WikiLeaks is to publish more than 1.7 million US diplomatic and intelligence documents
Gaza police shaving heads of long-haired youths. It is the latest sign that the Islamic militants are imposing their strict practices on the population
Bangladeshi PM Sheikh Hasina has firmly rejected demands by Islamists for a new anti-blasphemy law to punish those who defame Islam and Prophet Muhammad
Pirates of the Caribbean: Global Resistance to Tax Havens Grows - Tax havens cause hundreds of millions of euros in annual damage to national economies around the world and they create an uncontrollable parallel economy.
France to buy US drones
Police allege man was sexually assaulted by 4 women
North Korea ready for new nuclear test, says South - video | World news
Tepco finds second pit leaking in Fukushima
Ontario is putting an end to coal-burning power plants: ...on the verge of becoming the first industrial region in North America to eliminate all coal-fired electrical generation.
In sign of growing Chinese frustration with North Korea, Daily Show clip mocking Kim Jong Un gets 2.8 million views on China web portal, making it the 2nd most viewed Daily Show segment ever
North Korea to launch missile TOMORROW after warning foreigners to evacuate South | World | News
French Intelligence Agency Forces Wikipedia Volunteer to Delete Article; Re-Instated, It Becomes Most-Read Page On French Wikipedia
Jewish terrorist who murdered two palestinians gets 2 life sentences in Israeli jail
10-year-old rape victim put behind bars- Times of India
Ding Dong! The Witch Is Dead set to enter UK Official top 40 following Margaret Thatchers death
Street parties break out in London and across the UK over death of Margaret Thatcher
Now Hiring: Fake Somali Pirates. Foreign journalists have paid Kenyans pretending to be Somali pirates hundreds of dollars to interview them.
Japan deploys three Patriot missile defense batteries in Tokyo, a chain of PAC-3 batteries to Okinawa, and Aegis missile defense destroyers to the Sea of Japan
The British are watering our whiskey, warned American diplomat in 1973 (via Wikileaks)
US tear gas shipment -140,000 canisters - arrives in Egypt.
While in Syria, FRONTLINE filmmaker Olly Lambert did not anticipate that bombs from government jets would begin to fall just 300 meters away. (Warning: Graphic Violence)
South Korean politician: We need tactical nukes to send message to China
How a Single Spy Turned Pakistan Against the United States. What really happened after Raymond Davis killed two men in the street in Lahore.
North Korea workers dont report for work at joint industrial park
Japanese woman with megaphone in Osaka: I hate Koreans so much... We will start Tsuruhashi massacre like Nanking Massacre. Crowd cheers.
Afghanistan mineral deposits estimated at $1 trillion
The Pirate Bay Moves to .GL Domain in Anticipation of Domain Seizure: The Pirate Bay has received indications that the Swedish authorities might soon attempt to seize the sites .se domain
Margaret Thatcher Was Freakishly Correct About Why The Euro Would Be Such A Big Disaster
US Navy Deploying Laser Weapon Prototype in Persian Gulf
The Sun reports that Kim Jong Un starred in a Grease production while going to school in Switzerland
Putin Says Russia Does Not Discriminate Against Gays
North Korea: ex-soldiers recall golden days of military drills | World news
France wants to keep 1,000 soldiers in Mali permanently
NASA-backed fusion engine could cut Mars trip down to 30 days
Germany gives Japan its backing as N Korea tensions rise
Anonymous vows justice for Rehtaeh Parsons, 15 year old rape victim who committed suicide. Canadian Police do nothing.
North Korea v South Korea in figures
Breasts better off without bras: French study
North Korea preparing to launch missiles from 2 different locations
North Korea has completed fueling its Musudan medium-range ballistic missile, and is ready to launch it any moment
Google launches global human trafficking helpline &amp; data network - Commits $3M (2M) to build an international helpline network fueled by data. Human trafficking enslaves 21M people, with 2.5M forced into labor. Most are ages 18-24 &amp; 43% are forced into the sex trade.
China and Russia urge North Korea to step back from missile launch.
A Nova Scotia teenager has killed herself after she was raped by four boys, who distributed a photo of the assault and bullied her, her family says.
South Korea raises alert with North to vital threat [BBC]
Ex-North Korea spy says Kim Jong-Un struggling to control military
South Korea confirms North was behind the massive hacking attack that paralyzed networks of local financial firms and broadcasters last month
April 1 marked the beginning of free abortion in France. As mandated by the new law, the country will now reimburse all abortions 100 percent, as well as provide free contraception for girls ages 15-18.
North Korea Warns It Is on Brink of Nuclear War With South
Japanese city accidentally tweets North Korean missile launch
South Korea raises surveillance level to Watchcon 3 in response to reports that the North will fire multiple missiles: 4-5 TELS (Scud launchpads), one Nudong and two Musadan missiles being prepared
North Koreas peasant army gets ready to farm, not wage war
Intelligence suggests North Korea could be planning multiple launches, U.S. official says
Doomsday Clock creator dies.
North Korea: US ready to intercept up to three missiles
Three years after BP oil spill, USF research finds massive die-off
Admiral says US ready if North Korea strikes
Pakistan today successfully test-fired nuclear-capable Hatf-IV ballistic missile with a range of 900 km that can hit targets in India.
The 4th Largest City In The World Has No Outdoor Advertising
Bitcoin value plummets, losing as much as 41% of its value in a single day
Two Norwegian teens return $81,500 found in bag on a train left by elderly passenger
The Pirate Bay kicked out of Greenland in under 48 hours.
A woman who died after being refused a potentially lifesaving abortion even while she was having a miscarriage was told that her repeated pleas could not be granted because Ireland is a Catholic country, an inquest has confirmed
Italys 5-Star Movement, led by comic Beppe Grillo, wants to scrap the countrys planned purchase of 90 Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 fighter jets and use the savings to help boost the struggling economy, a lawmaker told Reuters on Tuesday [9 April 2013].
Uzbekistan calls Harlem Shake a vortex full of meaninglessness and shamelessness
Very high chance North Korea will fire missile, U.S. and South Korea say
Mysterious gigantic stone structure found beneath Sea of Galilee
Defecting NK Commander confirms rival factions within NK military, pro- and anti-Kim Jong-Un fighting within ranks
For the first time in 69 years, there are no American tanks in Europe.
Beaver Bites Man To Death In Belarus Attack
Germany owes us 162-billion euros in war damages, say Greeks | World | News
Egyptian doctors ordered to operate on protesters without anaesthetic. Senior Egyptian army doctors were ordered to operate without anaesthetic on wounded protesters at a military hospital in Cairo during protests against military rule
N. Korea shifts missile locations ahead of imminent launch: sources
Japan has inked an agreement with Taiwan to allow Taiwanese vessels to fish within 12 miles from the disputed Diaoyu Islands in a surprise deal that has shaken China.
Airbus is installing special big seats for fat people while shrinking other seats
DPRKs nuclear shower will break the U.S. nuclear umbrella so mercilessly that the warmongers cannot even repent of anything.
United States and South Korean armed forces placed at maximum alert Watchcon 2
North Korea is shifting placement of missiles in an attempt to outwit intelligence
Camel gifted to French president is mistaken for food, made into tagine and eaten for dinner
Seoul calls on North to come to bargaining table (Yonhap)
Top admiral of US Pacific Command worries North Korea crisis could escalate pretty quickly with one miscalculation
Uruguay to become third American country to legalize gay marriage after Canada and Argentina
Former Guatemalan dictator, Efrain Rios Montt, being charged with genocide. First time ever a former head of state is being tried for genocide by a national tribunal.
Finland police say Russias President Putin mistakenly placed on criminal blacklist
8.0 Earthquake strikes Iran
31 People killed in Explosions in Iraq
Boston Marathon explosions: dozens wounded as two blasts hit finish line
Boston Marathon explosions: two dead, 64 injured as bombs hit race finish line
Wherever we find Americans we will kill them, but we dont have any connection with the Boston Explosions - Pakistani Taliban
Black Monday in Iraq: 46 killed, almost 300 injured in series of attacks
Sir Ian McKellen posts statement to remind all that Margaret Thatcher was in favor of and voted for Section 28, which was ...designed to slander homosexuality, by prohibiting state schools from discussing positively gay people and our pretended family relations.
And as we see the flags from the 50 countries participating in this event, still flying, we are reminded that this is not just a Boston or an American event, but a global event and a global tragedy -CNN
New Zealand set to legalize gay marriage
US Black Hawk crashes near North Korean border.
RE: recent events at /r/worldnews.
Three teenagers who beat a homeless man to death following a dare have been sentenced.
Russia ready to help in investigation of Boston terror act - Kremlin
46 dead overnight in Iraq
Secretary-General of the United Nations, Ban Ki-Moon, openly declares support for LGBT equality.
Anonymous hackers bring down North Korean websites for a second time
North Korea warns, they wont warn South Korea.
37 killed, more than 140 wounded in nearly 20 separate attacks across Iraq
A nonpartisan, independent review of interrogation and detention programs in the years after the Sept 11, 2001, terrorist attacks concludes that it is indisputable that the United States engaged in the practice of torture and that the nations highest officials bore ultimate responsibility for it.
Boston Marathon explosions: Pakistan Taliban says it was not behind bombs
Video of the Boston Marathon bombing, recorded by Steve Silva at the finishing line. (DISTURBING CONTENT)
President Barack Obama said in an interview broadcast Tuesday [16 April 2013] that North Korea likely does not have the ability to arm a ballistic missile with nuclear warheads. He also compared the Stalinist regimes recent belligerent rhetoric to a childs temper tantrum.
4,500-year-old harbor structures and papyrus texts unearthed in Egypt. Archaeologists have stumbled upon what is thought to be the most ancient harbor ever found in Egypt, along with the countrys oldest collection of papyrus documents, Egyptian authorities say.
Please dont be a Muslim: Boston marathon blasts draw condemnation and dread in Muslim world
BBC News - Iran struck by magnitude 7.8 earthquake
Letter bomb sent to German president
Pope Francis redirects employee bonuses to charity. Vatican employees wont receive the special bonus they are traditionally awarded when a new pope is elected, the Vatican confirmed on Thursday (April 18), under orders from Pope Francis to give extra money to charity instead.
Anonymous calls for internet black out
A gay friendly, non sex-segregated, mosque is opening in Uppsala, Sweden
Blast in popular Baghdad coffee shop kills at least 27
Magnitude 7.0 strikes off the coast of Japan
25 year-old man suspected to have died of measles in the UK would be the first since 2008
Musharraf arrested. Latest is he has been shifted to police headquarters and may be tried for high treason. A victory for judicial freedom in Pakistan.
Chechen terrorism: What you need to know - Islamist fighters from the region have fought a long war of independence against Russia
Cops beat up women protesting against kids death in India
Afghans send sympathy and love to Boston, whose pain they know all too well
Delhi fails to deliver on its promise of safety for girls and women: Neighbour rapes young child brutally, police apathetic
A PhD economics student has debunked the most influential study which has been used to promote austerity worldwide.
A new exhibition aims to celebrate the role Muslims played in saving Jewish lives during the Holocaust.
Belize Supreme Court declares offshore oil drilling contracts issued by Govt of Belize 2004-2007 null &amp; void, stopping govt from allowing drilling in worlds 2nd largest barrier reef, the Meso American - Govt didnt assess environmental impact &amp; gave okay to firms without proof of safety.
CSIS, Canadian spy agency, is sharing intel with corporations, despite a law that forbids it
The Flying Taxman: Bank secrecy is dying in Europethanks mainly to America
Greek Far Right Gains Ground - Nowhere else in Europe are neo-Nazis and right-wing extremists profiting as greatly from the financial crisis as in Athens. As they terrorize the country with violence, the police stand back and prosecutors are powerless.
Egyptian bride ordered to pay 5,000 compensation to groom because she had secret surgery to restore her virginity
Australias NBN (National Broadband Network) announce Gigabit speeds to current customers by the end of the year. Once the 10 year roll-out has finished the network will provide gigabit speeds to 93% of the population
Half of Syrian population will need aid by end of year. UN high commissioner for refugees says crisis may be worst humanitarian disaster it has dealt with.
Canadian Supreme Court refuses to re-open anti-gay pamphlet case where flyers referred to gay men as sodomites and pedophiles.
India accounts for 33% of world poor: World Bank
China Vastly Under-Reports Global Fish Catch
Police in the Philippines say two officers held captive by communist rebels have escaped after seizing a rifle and shooting their guards.
North Korea Asks Mongolia for Food Aid.
A gunman has opened fire near an arms shop in the Russian town of Belgorod, leaving at least five people dead and one injured. A 14-year-old girl is among those killed.
/r/worldnews, should we join the CISPA blackout?
Eloquent Guantanamo inmate, 60 days into hunger strike, describes constant beatings
North Korean missiles placed in attack position: Kim Jong Un reaffirms highest level of combat readiness.
Canadian Conservatives to propose Bill S-7, called the Combating Terrorism Act, Monday. It includes imprisonment for up to 12 months if an individual refuses to testify before a judge.
At least 185 killed in Nigeria attack
4channer threatens to kill teacher and as many students as he can in Leiden, The Netherlands
India: In a silent afforestation campaign, a private company has successfully raised more than a million trees and recorded a survival rate of 90 per cent.
The North Korean spy who blew up a plane, now married to intelligence officer in South Korea
Syrian army aggressively seizes town near Damascus, confirmed massacre of 80+ ...reports of up to 250 killed inc. women and children
Danish single mother on welfare gets $2,600 a month
Up to 500 feared dead in Damascus suburb: activists
New microchip to detect medical viruses : Singapore chip identifies 70,000 viruses in one go, cutting costs and allowing earlier diagnosis.
Video shows Burmese police standing by as Buddhists attack Muslims
Ball of light turns night to day in Argentina
Up to 74 school girls hit by gas attack in Afghanistan
North Korea requests food aid from Mongolia as starving state faces severe food shortage
Despite assertions to the contrary, Iraqs Kurds are inching towards outright independence
Grad Student Who Shook Global Austerity Movement - proof that the pro-austerity movement is based, at least in part, on bogus math
French biologist Francois Jacob, who won the 1965 Nobel prize for medicine for his research into enzymes, has died at the age of 92, a relative told AFP on Sunday.
Four soldiers killed while defusing bomb in Thai south
Meet Africas Youngest Billionaire - 31 year old Ashish Thakkar
Somali reporter killed in fourth journalist murder this year
Van Gogh did not kill himself, authors claim.
Muslim community tipped off Canada about terror plot
Canada to announce arrests after thwarting major terrorist attack: CBC
Child pornographer Eric Toth from the FBIs Top Ten Most Wanted fugitives finally captured in Nicaragua
French Parliament legalises Gay Marriage
China states it will never use nuclear weapons against Japan
5 Hour Secret Meeting between WikiLeaks Founder and Google Chairman Eric Schmidt
Assad attacked rebels with nerve gas, top IDF analyst says. Based on photo evidence, regime deployed sarin on March 19; over 1,000 tons of chemical weapons in Syria.
Pit of hopelessness: Guantanamo grows tense, inmates suicidal
Malaysian deputy PM says gay rights and freedom of religion campaigners are poisoning the minds of Muslims to accept deviant practices and the right to leave Islam
Terrorists in Korea target Americans, but mistakenly fire bomb a Korean own English academy.
Japan vows to use force if Chinese land on islands
Lego to open its own school. Lego will be opening its own school this summer fusing traditional teaching with its own brand of play-centred learning
The face-off between Indian and Chinese troops escalates: Chinese envoy called in
Fake bomb detectors were being used in Iraq as recently as last month. Iraqi MP says country has paid high price in blood for fake devices, but officials continue to put faith in them
Animal-rights activists wreak havoc in Milan laboratory
Chinese helicopters violate Indian airspace
Tokyo Electric Power Co. refuses to pay 10.55 billion yen ($106 million) for decontamination work around its crippled Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant, saying it is under no legal obligation to do so. The Environment Ministry disagrees.
Cod stocks may never recover, study finds
Wife of jailed Nobel dissident Liu Xiabo shouts out of moving car, Im not free!
French Embassy in Tripoli Hit by Car Bomb
Dutch diplomat jailed for giving secret Nato documents to Russian agents.
Five teenaged girls gang-raped in Pakistan : Asia, News
Japan vows to use force if Chinese land on disputed islands
Canadas authorities are expected to announce they have foiled a plot to carry out a major terrorist attack, media reports say.
Millionaire businessman convicted of fraud after selling fake bomb detectors
Iran Police Dressed a Suspect in Womens Clothing and Parade Him in Public to humiliate him, Iranian men started protesting by posting photos of themselves in womans clothing.
Student wrongly tied to Boston bombing found dead
Canadian and American police agencies are in private talks that would allow American agents from organizations like the FBI and the US Drug Enforcement Administration to be accredited as police officers in Canada, with the power to arrest individuals on the street like any Canadian cop.
Putin on Boston bombings: We suffered from terrorists, whom the West called insurgents
Man found dead on London street was probably a stowaway who fell from planes landing gear
Dalai Lama Says He Would Support A Woman Successor
The Pirate Bay moves to Iceland - thepiratebay.is is now active
Swedish police found drugs inside Justin Biebers tour bus
Greenwald on the motives for terrorism: Ignoring the role played by US actions is dangerously self-flattering and self-delusional. Listen to the people who live in the places devastated by US violence... its long past time that we stop pretending that all this evidence does not exist.
WikiLeaks: Icelands Supreme Court rules Visa contractor Valitor must pay $204k per month if continues to block site
President of Macedonia comes to Canada, nobody notices
Spain Unemployment Hits New Record of 27 Percent
Brown University student falsely identified as Boston bombing suspect found dead in Providence River, Rhode Island authorities confirm
North Korean soldiers put down arms to help plant crops: The North Korean side of the Demilitarized Zone is a hive of activity  not of fighting, but of farming.
Tens of thousands of migrant workers in Arab Gulf working as modern day slaves, German banker warns, for $5 a day for 12 hours a day. Employers confiscate workers passports and make them live 6 or 7 to a small room.
A Russian historian who lived in Pyongyang as an exchange student in the 1980s recorded some sample math questions from North Korean textbooks. Questions included likened to How many American imperialist bastards does it take to screw on a light bulb?
Abortion drug RU486 set to be approved for heavy subsidization by the Australian Federal Government, dropping its price from ~$800 to ~$30
Toronto court rules woman must remove niqab to testify
Afghanistan to get $100 million/year to let Chinese copper mining consortium destroy potential World Heritage site of high archeological import
India, 2,644 people died during clinical trial of drugs in 7 years
Shale mining under Great Barrier Reef likely to be banned: Australias coastline mining industry undergoing a boom as rules relaxed, but Unesco site to be protected under heritage rules
Minaret of historic Syrian mosque destroyed in Aleppo. Rebels and state forces blame each other for toppling tower of 12th century Umayyad mosque in Unesco world heritage site
North Korea: Radioactive gases consistent with nuclear test detected.
Iran presidential candidate blasts Ahmadinejads Holocaust denial
Water from comet impact still hanging around on Jupiter
A Norwegian resistance fighter who led a daring raid to sabotage Nazi Germanys atomic bomb program during World War II has been honoured at a London ceremony.
Machines with the ability to attack targets without any human intervention must be banned before they are developed for use on the battlefield, campaigners against killer robots urged on Tuesday.
Chinas top 70 Members of the Communist Party are worth nearly $90 billion - more than ten times the wealth of all members of US Congress
Europe Set to Vote on Pesticide Ban to Save Honeybees -- A proposed ban of pesticides called neonicotinoids is gathering scientific support as some experts are calling for more field studies. The goal is to reverse massive honeybee hive die-offs, which also afflict U.S. farming
Chinese troops have erected tents 19km inside Indian territory
94 Guantanamo Bay inmates are now on hunger strike. The men are protesting conditions and their indefinite confinement at the U.S. base in Cuba.
Baby burned to death on bonfire in Chile after cult leader decided she was the antichrist
Slavery must be recognised in all its guises: Sex trafficking is the only human rights abuse that gets proper attention  yet slavery is slavery, no matter what form it takes
Moroccos High Council of Ulemas issues death sentence fatwa on apostates who leave Islam
White House confirms use of sarin gas in Syria based on blood tests
Australian hockey team captain dies after he is bitten by venomous snake he picked up to carry it off the pitch
19 yr old has a plan to remove large amounts of plastic from our oceans
Father loses custody fight for child he never knew he had - A cruelly deceived father whose son was put up for adoption without him even knowing of his existence has had his hopes of gaining custody dashed following a court ruling.
Google didnt comply with Argentinas request to remove NSFW video of president
Japan. Woman dies after heavy-set police officer sits on her
In a shocking incident, a woman was allegedly injected with HIV infected blood by her husband and in-laws in India for conceiving a baby girl and failing to get more dowry.
Heavy use of herbicide Roundup linked to health dangers-U.S. study
140 people detained in Moscow for connection to Islamist extremist groups
The Biggest Price-Fixing Scandal Ever | Politics News
Kim Jong Un has over $1 billion in slush funds abroad, while North Korea has an estimated 14 billion in foreign debt.
North Korea loses popularity among Russians amid ongoing crisis
White man goes on trial in France for anti-white racist assault
Culture war erupts in Israel over attempts to end preferential budgets for ultra-Orthodox
Instant noodle sales top 100 billion a year
Fire in Russian psychiatric hospital kills 38
Girl, 14, forced to become pregnant with donor sperm bought by mother: Judge describes wicked and selfish motive of using daughter to provide parent with a fourth child
Three teens, starved, tortured, and killed at a Gay Conversion Camp
Powerful blast causes injuries in Prague
Bee deaths: EU to ban neonicotinoid pesticides
The CIA has attempted to buy influence with Afghan President Hamid Karzai by dropping off bags filled with cash totalling tens of millions of dollars.
The real cancer killer: rip-off prices for drugs. Doctors say industry profiteering threatens lives
The biggest source of corruption in Afghanistan, one American official said, was the United States.
Act of Terror - arrested for filming police officers: When police carried out a routine stop-and-search of her boyfriend on the London Underground, Gemma Atkinson filmed the incident. She was detained, handcuffed and threatened with arrest.
Neonicotinoid insecticides now banned in Europe
Spain Is Beyond Doomed: The 2 Scariest Unemployment Charts Ever. [A]usterity hasnt been [Spains] path to prosperity. Its been the path to perma-slump.
Man who ran Canadas only shelter dedicated solely to male victims of domestic abuse dies in apparent suicide
A lost ancient Egyptian city submerged beneath the sea 1,200 years ago is starting to reveal what life was like in the legendary port of Thonis-Heracleion.
Insiders say Canada scammed by foreign worker industry. (Claims include Faked Resumes, Visa Violations and Discrimination AGAINST Canadians).
Chinas best-paid banking boss only made $185,000 last year
FSA says Israeli jets hit Syrian chemical site
Indonesia teens accused of blasphemy over Maroon 5 dance: Five Indonesian teenage girls have been accused of blasphemy and may face jail after making a video in which they mixed Islamic prayer with dancing to a Maroon 5 song
52% of Canadians distrust Muslims
China is banning the use of privileged military license plates on BMWs, Porches and other luxury cars in an attempt to crack down on abuses and reduce corruption.
Israel bulldozes apartments in Palestinian East Jerusalem, evicts 24 people
The British nurse who committed suicide after a prank radio call by two Australian DJs reportedly left a suicide note blaming them for her death.
Anti-drone protests take off in Britain
Speed of light may not be constant, physicists say
An Indian Guinness World Record holder who attempted to cross a river suspended from a zip wire attached to his ponytail has died during the stunt.
Hamas teaches Palestinian schoolboys how to fire Kalashnikovs
Japan forgot data wipe on ship sold to Pyongyang
China is plundering the planets seas -- and its doing it 12.5 times more than its telling anybody
Facebook Is Losing Millions Of Users In The US And Other Mature Markets
Over 20,000 people applied to become first settlers on Mars
Obama: Guantanamo Bay must close [BBC News]
Dutch Queen Beatrix to abdicate in favour of son
As many as 200 civilians have been killed in an attack in Nigeria.
Five year old Indian rape victim dies
Missiles fired at Russian plane with 200 passengers onboard flying over Syria
Women who stole husbands sperm and got pregnant with use of IVF forced to pay compensation
Study: Germans see Islam as a threat
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has stashed away some $4-5 billion in bank accounts in other peoples names in Austria, China, Lichtenstein, Luxembourg, Russia, Singapore and Switzerland, intelligence agencies believe.
What Is TPP? Its the Biggest Global Threat to the Internet Since ACTA.
Danish sailors freed after 838 days in pirate captivity
Billionaires Flee Havens as Trillions Pursued Offshore
After Bombing, American Ties With Russia Improve
Somalia To Receive International Mail For First Time In 22 Years
Maker of useless bomb sniffing rods convicted of fraud after hundreds die.
Europe bans pesticides blamed for the decline of bee population
How A Female Photographer Sees Her Afghanistan
Huge explosion rocks Damascus
German embassy in NZ none too pleased by NZ bar having a Hitler piata party for ANZAC day. Bar promises bigger piata next year.
Modesty police arrests ratchet fears of radicalized Islam in Gaza
Six admit planning to bomb English Defence League rally, but arrived after it had ended!
China becomes biggest PC market in 2012 putting it above the United States for the first time
Only Canadian company that has admitted to carrying items make in Bangladesh factory, that collapsed, will compensate victims.
The worlds most widely used insecticide is devastating dragonflies, snails and other water-based species, a groundbreaking Dutch study has revealed.
40 Chinese troops erect 5 tents 19 Km inside Indian territory and have a banner which reads you are in Chinese territory
64 percent of Muslims in Egypt, Pakistan support death penalty for leaving Islam
Bankers struggle to live on 1million a year
Italys First Black Cabinet Member Bombarded With Racial Slurs, Insults From Far Right: Congolese monkey, Zulu and the black anti-Italian
Brazil Catholic Priest Excommunicated For Defending Gay Rights
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff: All oil royalties collected by the state should go into public education funding
The FBIs role in manufacturing terrorism
Egyptian newspaper claims Jews drink Egyptian blood
The Walt Disney Company has ordered an end to the production of its branded merchandise in Bangladesh, and other retailers are considering similar moves, after a factory building collapse left more than 400 dead.
Conman James McCormick jailed for 10 years over fake bomb detectors - He sold the models to Iraq, Belgium and the UN
Pope Francis Condemns Slave Labor In Bangladesh: Goes Against God
Guantanamo Attorney Found Dead in Apparent Suicide
Police in the Greek capital Athens have stopped the far-right Golden Dawn party from handing out free food only to Greeks on the citys main square. Riot police used tear gas to prevent activists distributing food from a lorry on Syntagma Square, where the countrys parliament is located.
Poll: 40% of Palestinians support suicide bombing
Why are Buddhist monks attacking Muslims?
Bolivian President Evo Morales orders expulsion of USAID: We may be a small country, but we deserve respect
Turkey is testing blood samples taken from Syrian casualties brought over the border from fighting in recent days to determine whether they were victims of a chemical weapons attack.
Many in Muslim world want sharia as law of land: survey
Israel welcomes Arab Leagues land swap position
Sohel Rana Most Hated Man in Bangladesh - To build Rana Plaza, he bullied landowners &amp; ultimately took their property by force. His political allies gave him a construction permit, despite his dubious claims of title to the land, &amp; a 2nd permit to add upper floors, likely destabilizing the building.
Disgruntled Arab states look to strip Canada of UN agency
Bombers turn up too late for rally: A murderous plot by radical Islamists to launch a gun and bomb attack on hundreds of people attending a right-wing rally in the UK failed after they turned up too late
Lawyer who drafted White House drone policy says US would rather kill suspects than send them to Cuban detention centre
US Labor Department Website is being Operated by Chinese Hackers and serving Malware
Tribes vow to fight-to-the-death to save Amazon rainforest
Two Chinese kindergarten students die after rival school poisons yogurt
No news is good news: No successful Somali pirate hijackings in nearly a year.
Suicide No. 1 cause of death for younger people in South Korea
Rat meat sold as lamb in Shanghai
China arrests 900 over 20,000 tonnes of tainted meat products and fox, mink and rat passed off as mutton
Killer robots that can attack targets without any human input should not have the power of life and death over human beings, a new draft U.N. report says.
A lawmaker from Greeces extreme-right Golden Dawn party allegedly tried to punch the mayor of Athens on Thursday, swinging at him but reportedly missing and hitting a 12-year-old girl instead.
The civil war in Iraq has already begun: Politician claims conflict has started and warns it will be worse than Syria
How Israel is squeezing the Palestinians out of their own land
No one should be jailed in secret, says top judge - Lord chief justice issues urgent guidance to judges following court of protections imprisonment of Wanda Maddocks
US calls for immediate release of Kenneth Bae from North Korean jail
SATs cancelled in South Korea due to continued leaking of questions.
First Richard III, now Roman cemetery found under Leicester, UK car park.
British fighters in Syria: UK to withdraw the passports of those suspected of involvement in terrorist activities abroad who might return with enhanced capabilities to launch attacks at home
Chinas Peoples Daily newspaper mocked over its new, phallic headquarters
Hospitals regularly save money by medical repatriation of undocumented workers, whereby an unconscious patient is flown to their home country without their consent.
Appalling irresponsibility: Senior scientists attack Chinese researchers for creating new strains of influenza virus in veterinary laboratory
New evidence from NASA modeling study that global warming may increase the risk for extreme rainfall &amp; drought.
Rogue Economists Champion Prosperity without Growth phasing out the totalitarian consumerism that gives people desires that, until recently, they didnt even suspect they would ever have.
Footage of a Massacre in Tivoli Gardens, Jamaica
Guatemala: state of siege declared as Army, police crack down after protests against Canadian-owned mine
Burglar found stuck in chimney after several weeks
Google recognizes Palestine
Prosecutor in Bhutto Killing and Mumbai Attacks Assassinated in Pakistan
North Korea withdraws missiles
Anti-gay group in New Zealand, Family First, will lose its charity status -- they have no public benefit
A hunger strike has been going on at the Guantanamo bay prison since 90 days. More than 2/3rd of the prisoners are hunger striking.
Bank of China Cuts Off North Korea Trade Bank: One of Chinas biggest banks said Tuesday it has halted business with a North Korean bank accused by the U.S. of financing Pyongyangs missile and nuclear programs in the latest sign of Beijings anger with its estranged ally.
US returns stolen Tyrannosaurus dinosaur to Mongolia
Pakistan election: 25 dead after suicide bomber targets rally
British politicians have said they want a cut in the price of alcohol at bars in the House of Commons - despite the price being significantly cheaper than nearby pubs
Ecuador Auctions Off Amazon Rainforest to Chinese Oil Companies
Irish government to formally pardon thousands branded traitors and deserters for fighting alongside Britain in second world war
Why have so few bankers gone to jail for their part in the crisis? In Britain not one senior banker has faced criminal charges relating to the failure of his institution. In America, prosecutors have brought few criminal charges against high-profile bankers.
Germanys Paradox: Family-Friendly Benefits, But Few Kids - Its 1 of most generous countries in world in helping women raise families, including healthcare, parental leave, daycare &amp; tax breaks. Yet Germany has the lowest birthrate on the continent &amp; many benefits hurt women.
Thousands protest in Moscow, in attempt to reinvigorate opposition to Putin government
Mayon Volcano Philippines...worlds most perfect conical volcano, just erupted. 5 climbers killed, more trapped.
Syrian rockets hit Israeli territory
Explosions heard near missle facility in Tehran
The Clouded Leopard has been declared extinct
Shopkeepers in the Indian city of Bhopal have created their own currency , In an unprecedented move faced with the shortage of  5 coins, shopkeepers here have introduced a parallel currency which they are willing to trade with
Right-wing extremists shout Nazi salutes and attack a man they believe is Jewish. Black-booted militants frighten aging Holocaust survivors. Writings of authors linked to a pro-Nazi regime are recommended reading for school children. Hungary is seeing a rise in anti-Semitism.
Generation Jobless: Almost 290m people under the age of 24 are neither working nor studying
Israel in talks to join alliance with Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Turkey
German online editor send into prison because he refused to reveal the identity of a webpage user
German police arrest 93-year-old suspected of being Auschwitz guard
U.S. officials had blundered into a circular firing squad. Salehi, the subject of the U.S. governments corruption test case, was also the U.S. governments intermediary for covert cash payments to Karzai.
Armless artist Karipbek Kuyukov denied entry to UK because he could not give fingerprints
An 11- year - old elementary school girl told to remove hockey jersey
Internet Traffic from Syria Just Disappeared
Peru says no to GMO: the first country in the Americas to ban genetically modified foods, putting its food policy closer to that of Europe, than the US or many of its South American neighbors
Stephen Hawking joins academic boycott of Israel
Ecuador to sell 3 million hectares of rainforest to Chinese oil interests
France rejects Bob Dylan for Legion of Honor award because he smoked pot and objected to Vietnam war
Russia Not to Tolerate Further Israeli Attacks on Damascus
North Korea will no longer be rewarded for provocative behaviour, US President Barack Obama has said at a joint news conference with South Koreas leader.
Elephant Slaughter Underway at Dzanga-Ndoki National Park in Central African Republic.
It turns out that Stephen Hawkings cancelled trip to Israel is not a matter of boycotting the Jewish state, but rather merely a result of his health
Dalai Lama condemns Myanmar attacks on Muslims
A Final Embrace: The Most Haunting Photograph from Bangladeshs Building Collapse.
Google reactivates Speak2Tweet for Syrian Internet cutoff
Several dead as Italy ship crashes into tower
Uk gorvernment set to destroy DNA samples that can be used to solve cold cases
A judge on Tuesday ruled that Chevron Corps chief executive must testify in the U.S. oil companys fraud case against Ecuadoreans seeking to collect on a $19 billion judgment against Chevron related to rainforest pollution. [x-post from /r/LegalNews]
Scientists are making plants into light sources
Belgium says 31 detained in $50m diamond heist.
A fault in optical fibre cables is to blame for Syrias continued internet blackout, local state-run media said.
Ray Harryhausen, master of stop motion animation dies.
Assads forces capture strategic town in southern Syria [X-post /r/NewsCrowd]
Generation J(obless): A Quarter Of The Planets Youth Is Neither Working Nor Studying
Chinese Turn to White House Website for Help with Petitions
Israel has collected some 1,000 DNA samples from African migrants, but denies creating database - Israel Police commander admits migrants charged with infiltration in order to obtain samples, says authorized to do so in order to identify offenders with no other identification.
Syrian militants capture UN peacekeepers in Golan Heights
President Assad says he can face Israel as Syria loses access to internet
Pirate Bay takes over distribution of censored 3D Printable Gun
Monsanto protests scheduled in 36 countries
China Destroying Thousand Year Old Buddhas in Afghanistan. This is becoming way too common...
The authorities at Guantnamo Bay say that prisoners have a choice. They can eat or, if they refuse to, they will have a greased tube stuffed up their noses, down their throats and into their stomachs, through which they will be fed.
New Zealand Government Announces That Software Will No Longer Be Patentable
UN study: shocking levels of sexual violence in China - 1 in 4 men admit to rape
Three men have been arrested after police held back hundreds of ultra-Orthodox protesters trying to prevent a liberal Jewish womens group from praying at Jerusalems Western Wall.
International Space Station crew plans daring spacewalk to fix leak
Mystery surrounds North Koreas decision to grant top military honor to female traffic cop: Defector organization believes she saved Kim Jong Un from assassination attempt
Researchers find prejudice, racism and intolerance are more likely to be present with individuals with greater cognitive rigidity, less cognitive flexibility and lower integrative complexity. basically racism is linked to stupidity.
Kofi Annan: Africa plundered by secret mining deals
High Court ruling in Pakistan: CIA drone strikes illegal. Judge calls for U.N. sanctions against U.S.
Regulators Reject Proposal That Would Bring Fox-Style News to Canada
Israel condemns Church of Scotland report that questions Jews divine right to Israel
Ultra Orthodox Jews clash with Israeli police in attempt to stop women praying at western wall.
Pew Poll: Israelis, on balance, believe an independent Palestinian state can coexist peacefully with their country. Palestinians overwhelmingly do not think this is possible, and plurality believes armed struggle rather than negotiations or nonviolent resistance is the best way to achieve statehood.
International Space Station has ammonia leak in cooling system
Dhaka building collapse: Woman found alive in rubble after 17 days
China Refuses to Confirm Okinawa And Other Ryukyuan Islands Belong to Japan
In Hours, Thieves Took $45 Million in A.T.M. Scheme
Turkey will support Syria no-fly zone - Europe
On Victory Day, Putin Says Russian Soldiers Freed Europe.
Western Black Rhino declared extinct.
Survivor rescued from Dhaka Factory rubble 17 Days After the Collapse
Syrian girls sold for marriage in Jordan refugee camps
Astronauts Chris Hadfield, Tom Marshburn, and Roman Romanenko have just touched down in Kazakhstan after 146 days in the International Space Station during Expedition 35.
2,300 year old Mayan pyramid destroyed to harvest rock for use as road fill.
Australian Man Dead for 40 Minutes Brought Back to Life By New Resuscitation Technique
Thieves break into stadium safe Oceans 11 style after Bon Jovi and Justin Bieber concerts, make off with millions.
Bowie responds to Hadfields Space Oddity
Canada Sells Out Science
Graphic video shows Syrian rebel commander cutting out government soldiers heart and eating it
India develops its own diarrhoea vaccine much cheaper than western and expected to save thousands of children lives
Czech president, so drunk he can barely stand, staggers through formal state ceremony on national TV
CIA agent trying to recruit Russian intelligence officer detained in Moscow
Child Molesting Commanders, Heroin Addicted Soldiers - Eye Opening War In Afghanistan Documentary
U.N.: Eating insects is good for you and world. The U.N. is promoting edible insects as a low-fat, high-protein food
Japan WWII comfort women were necessary - Hashimoto
The United Nations has proposed a single solution to both hunger and obesity around the globe: Eating insects.
The French government is considering introducing a 1% tax on the sale of smartphones and tablets to help fund French film, music and images.
British schoolgirl murdered for her organs in India, family claim
The mystery of Shane Todd: Did US electronic engineer commit suicide  or was he murdered because he knew too many Chinese secrets?
US shale oil supply shock shifts global power balance: USA could be all but self-sufficient in its energy needs by about 2035.
Millions of phone records revealing age, address and even the websites you visited were offered for sale to police in controversial deal
Death Toll in Syria Likely as High as 120,000
The British say the French are the most arrogant people in Europe - and the French agree
Sun power advocacy lights up: The million-plus Australian residents with solar panels on their roofs will be less likely to be treated poorly by power companies and politicians following the creation of a new advocacy group, its backers say
Atheist Bloggers Arrested in Bangladesh
Mining company working with Indonesian government to strip forest of protected status
New street drug 40 times worse than heroin Montreal Police
Theres a country that will pay $300,000 per rhino horn to cure cancer and hangovers, and its wiping out rhinos
Teacher in Qatar jailed for insulting Islam and faces seven years in prison. He was simply trying to teach his students to be tolerant of people from other countries.
Brits are now poorer than the French, Swiss, Belgians, Swedes, Austrians, Aussies and Canadians
Pirate Bay Co-Founder to Run For European Parliament
BP and Shell raided in oil price-rigging investigation
If women dont want to be raped they shouldnt drink too much, says Hong Kong official
The gap between rich and poor widened more in the three years to 2010 than in the previous 12 years, the OECD group of industrialised nations has said. It says the richest 10% of society in the 33 OECD countries received 9.5 times that of the poorest in terms of income, up from nine times in 2007.
Raids on BP, Shell, and Statoil for evidence of price fixing.
Canipre, the company helping movie studios sue you for illegal downloading, has been using images without permission.
Walmart opts out of Bangladesh safety agreement
Saudi Arabia Confirms 6 New Cases of SARS-like Virus
Malaria and HIV Spike as Greece Cuts Healthcare Spending
A UK-based pharmaceutical company has stopped selling a drug to Arkansas because the US state planned to use it to execute prisoners on death row
5 signs theres something fishy about the alleged CIA spy arrested in Moscow
Palestinians face daily struggle in Egypt - Palestinian refugees do not have access to free medical care or education, creating cycle of poverty.
Osaka mayor: Wild US Marines should consider using prostitutes.
Ahmadinejad aide, running for president, threatens to reveal incriminating information about the regime.
Argentines are now allowed to know the real rate of inflation, thanks to their courts
Rescuers have found four bodies and rescued 10 of the dozens trapped underground after a tunnel caved in at a giant U.S.-owned gold and copper mine in Timika, Papua province, eastern Indonesia.
A X-47B drone took off from the deck of an American aircraft carrier for the first time, in a test flight that could eventually open the way for the U.S. to launch unmanned aircraft from just about any place in the world
Where Private School Is Not a Privilege - Two school systems in Kenya and in Bangladesh  are making decent education accessible to the worlds poorest on a giant scale.
Irish government wants the power to shut down the mobile phone network.
El Salvador gang truce leads to plummeting murder rates
Japanese manned submersible finds signs of submerged continent off Brazil
Sex workers in China subject to police abuse Officers sometimes detain women only on the basis of their carrying condoms, thus deterring their use among sex workers and increasing the risk of spreading HIV - Human Rights Watch
Christianity could be facing a catastrophic collapse in Britain according to official figures suggesting it is declining 50 percent faster than previously thought.
Pro-Life activists threaten to slit throat of Irish member of Parliament over proposed abortion legislation. They have also threatened to burn down her house.
Syria is not breaking apart - It is already broken apart and is now a collection of armed fiefs loyal to 3 groups
Life-saving drugs prices set to fall by up to 80 per cent in India
Chinese tourists bad manners harming countrys reputation, says senior official
OECD: The widest gaps between rich and poor were registered in Chile, Mexico, Turkey and the United States.
Author Who Chronicled Mexicos Drugs War Forced to Flee - He said run, then hung up. She tells how colleagues disappearance meant she had to escape. Her blog partner is still missing.
Russias foreign minister does not understand uproar over Syria arms sales: We have not hidden that we supply weapons to Syria under signed contracts, without violating any international agreements, or our own legislation
Golden Dawn Member Of Parliament Yells Heil Hitler In The Middle Of A Debate
An Australian man who raped and strangled his Indian student neighbour and threw her body into a canal in a suitcase was jailed Friday for 45 years for the horrifying murder.
Fifteen killed by suicide bomber in Kabul: Dead included two Nato soldiers and four contractors
UK MP to Google: you do do evil when it comes to tax You are a company that says you do no evil. I think that you do do evil in that you use smoke and mirrors to avoid paying tax.
US slams Japanese mayors sex-slave comments - State Department says comments by mayor that sex slaves were necessary during World War II were outrageous
The Head of King Richard III Has Been 3D-Printed From His Exhumed Skull
Unmoved by Israel, Russia will send top air-defense system to Assad [x-post /r/syriancivilwar]
Toronto Star reporters have seen video of Toronto Mayor Rob Ford smoking crack
Why is violent crime so rare in Iceland?
Portugal expands adoption rights for same-sex married couples, refuses unrestricted adoptions
US seizes top Bitcoin exchange as crackdown begins
Former Argentine dictator Videla dead
At least 13 killed, 45 wounded as bombs go off in two Pakistani mosques
New, poisonous, meth-like drug sisa is sweeping through Athens. Many addicts live for only a few months.
Womens Prison in Gaza Swells With Moral Criminals
Earthquake felt in Toronto, Canada, reported as Magnitude 5.0
The French Supreme Court ruled on gay marriage: it is constitutional
India Bans Captive Dolphin Shows as Morally Unacceptable - Says theyre highly intelligent &amp; should be seen as non-human persons with their own specific rights.
Intelligence reports confirm that China is quietly encouraging regime change in North Korea and is grooming Kims older brother Kim Jong-nam to take over his role when Kim Jong-uns control over the country crumbles.
Teen dies after hiding embarrassing testicle lump
Preschools may get right to bar unvaccinated children
A retired Church of England priest has been found guilty of a catalogue of historic sex attacks on young children has been jailed for 10 years
Large majorities in the Muslim world want the Islamic legal and moral code of sharia as the official law in their countries
China demands North Korea release captured Chinese.
British police officers will be forced to name any friends who work in the media, or else face the sack, under new guidelines
Worldwide Protests Against Monsanto Scheduled For May 25th
North Korea releases Chinese fishing crew.
Nazi Swastika Flag Raised Near Palestinian Mosque
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange said that he has received a series of unclassified instant message exchanges from UK intelligence officials suggesting that he is being framed.
Eddie Izzard: Two more tours and Ill be mayor - Izzard will seek Labours nomination to run in the 2020 London Mayoral Election
Climbers phone call from Everest illegal
Catholic Church takes on reproductive rights in Philippines, risks further alienation. We know (greater access to birth control) will just snowball later on. After this, they will file bills for divorce, euthanasia, abortion, and homosexual marriages.
Residents of a western Mexico area who endured months besieged by a drug cartel cheered the arrival of hundreds of Mexican soldiers Monday. [x-post from /r/worldevents]
[UK] Tory Lord beleives Gay marriage bill may lead to lesbian queen and artificially inseminated heir | He beleives the legislation could allow him to marry his son to escape inheritance tax
Church of Scotland votes to allow gay ministers
Russian spacecraft returns to Earth with most of its furry crew dead
B.C. police find first counterfeits of new 100$ polymer bills, meant to be impossible to have counterfeits
Syria and Israel in exchange of fire
Saudi Arabia executes 5 Yemenis, displays bodies
UK signals support for EU import of Canadian tar sands oil: Leaked papers show UK rejects proposal to classify oil from tar sands as highly polluting, a label that would deter EU countries from importing it
Tunisia topless Femen activist arrested for immoral gestures: Our society is Muslim and we do not accept this marginal behaviour
Homeless Melbourne girl gang-raped
German brewers concerned fracking could contaminate water supplies, violate beer purity law of 1516
A report out Thursday calls on Canada to decriminalize personal use of all narcotics and regulate cannabis, saying current policies are failing to reduce drug use or make Canadians safer.
3D printed gun explodes during testing by Australian police.
Malaysians outraged after sharia court allows rapist to marry his 13-year-old victim
Orthodox Christian protesters, lead &amp; organized by Priests, have brutally attacked gay rights activists in Georgia. All this crowd, like zombies, they simply wanted to kill us. Not beat or humiliate, they simply wanted to kill us, said Nino Kharchilava, one of the protesters.
The Muslim Brotherhood Has Turned Cairo Into A Dystopia [PHOTOS]
RAF Fighter jets reported escorting passenger plane to Stansted Airport
Stockholm rioting continues for fifth night
5,000 cave paintings discovered in Mexico: These groups escaped Spanish control for almost 200 years
Magnitude 8.2 Earthquake Hits Russian Far East off Kamchatka
Croatia bans sex education in schools after pressure by conservatives and catholic church
In Berlin, you can carry 15 grams of marijuana. In Munich? Just six. To ease any confusion, German states are now trying to hash out possession regulations that would apply across the country
The future of freedom on the internet is at stake
The highest reported share of self-described atheists is in China: an astounding 47 percent
Something passed underneath us, quite close: Airbus A320 has close encounter with UFO - Home News - UK
Muslim preacher justifies the hacking to death of a British soldier
Swazilands albinos have called on the government for protection ahead of elections expected later this year, fearing their body parts will be harvested by candidates seeking good luck.
German beer makers have warned the chancellor Angela Merkel that the controversial method of drilling for natural gas known as fracking could damage Germanys legendry beer industry by contaminating the purity of the water.
Plane seen On Fire flying over London.... Looks like an engine fire!
Nineteen-year-old Israeli sentenced to jail for the 10th time because of his refusal to serve in the army
Fukushima contamination found in plankton at all 10 points tested in the Pacific Ocean
3-D Printed Windpipe Gives Infant Breath of Life: Scientific American
British police arrest two more over London attack
Mass piracy lawsuits are back in Australia: A law firm is requesting major Australian ISPs hand over the details of users who have allegedly used peer to peer Internet file sharing platforms to pirate content owned by the firms clients
Stockholm riots throw spotlight on Swedish inequality. Five nights of rioting in the suburbs of Swedens capital Stockholm have raised the national debate about immigration, unemployment and social inequality
China is starting to get embarrassed about its tourists obnoxious behavior abroad - Take for example the sign outside the Louvre Museum only in Chinese characters that forbids people from urinating or defecating wherever they want.
Unvaccinated children will be banned from childcare facilities, and centres who do enrol them will face fines, after changes to the Public Health Act passed through cabinet Monday night (NSW, Australia)
Israel warns Moscow that it will attack shipments of Russian weapons to Syria
Police with stun batons were called to end a protest over pay by 3,000 mostly female workers working at a Nike factory in Cambodia
An Australian woman is sacked when she takes leave to cope with her daughter being murdered. Employer tells reporter You are a hyena and something wrong is going to happen to your children
Australia ranked happiest developed nation again
Months after a Russian ghost ship turned up adrift off the Irish coast, shes gone missing again. The Lyubov Orlovas tow line broke as the cruise ship was being hauled from Canada to the Dominican Republic as scrap. The ship, empty except for an infestation of rats, has not been seen since March
War memorial vandalized with the word ISLAM in wake of terror murder. An 89-year-old veteran has vowed to stand next to the memorials until someone removes the graffiti. Its unclear who painted the graffiti.
Newborn baby rescued alive after being flushed down toilet in China
An Alaska Airlines passenger has been restrained by other passengers after trying to open the emergency exit midflight.
The armed rebels affiliated to the Free Syrian Army (FSA) raided the Christian-populated al-Duvair village in Reef (outskirts of) Homs near the border with Lebanon today and massacred all its civilian residents, including women and children.
Dad demands further action after sex abuse inquiry: The father of two girls who were abused by a Catholic priest in Australia says apologies dont matter if the church doesnt take further action.
Meat from endangered whales caught by Icelandic hunters is being sold in Japan as luxury dog treats, environmental campaigners say
BBC News - Russian to deliver arms to deter foreign intervention in Syria
At least 57 dead as 13 car bombs rip Baghdad
Man kills 11 elderly people to hide $85 drug theft.
Drones join war on rhino poachers in South Africa
Male rape survivors fight stigma in Uganda
In Malaysia, a criminal tribunal attempts to prosecute war crimes the Hague wont. It has tried and sentenced former US President George W. Bush, in absentia, over charges tied to the Iraq War. In August, the tribunal will hold hearings on alleged war crimes in Israeli-occupied Palestine.
Armed Rebels Massacre Entire Population of Christian Village in Syria
Polio Reappears in the Horn of Africa according to W.H.O. [xpost /r/strictlyworldpolitics]
North Korea to open a ski resort.
Rob Ford CrackStarter Cracks 200K. Police now linking homicide to the tape investigation.
UAE crown prince receive Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai and says education of women is a basic right in Islam
Israels defense minister says they could hit Russian shipment of advanced missiles to Syria: As far as we are concerned, that is a threat
Irish priest: Delay communions until adulthood -- It should be when people have choice, when they have proper formation [of faith]. What Im saying isnt off the wall, its realistic.
First topless protest in an Islamic state leads to 3 arrests (NSFW).
Hungary torches 500 hectares of GM corn to eradicate GMOs from food supply
A pair of Saudi maids each get 1,000 lashes &amp; 10 years in prison for witchcraft. A compassionate sentence for a crime that usually results in the death penalty.
El Salvador court denies seriously ill woman abortion. Lawyers for the young woman argued that continuing the pregnancy would place her life at risk. The foetus itself is missing part or all of its brain.
Girl turns up at a police station in the UK on her wedding night and claims she had been forced to marry a man she had only met once or she would be killed
U.N investigators say most Syrian rebels are not seeking democracy
Canadian abortion rights campaigner Henry Morgentaler has died. Parents killed by Nazis, survived the Polish Ghetto, Aushwitz and Dachau. Persecuted in Canada, went to prison for 10 years Responsible for the eventual overturning of Canadas abortion laws. A true humanitarian and hero.
Iran is in the throes of an unprecedented sexual revolution. Could it eventually topple the regime?
More than 1,000 dog skulls found in Thai garbage dump. Authorities fear that the dogs were killed for food, most likely meatballs, and that the processor intentionally started the fire to cover his or her tracks.
Assad: Syria has received Russian missile shipment
Extremists arrested in Turkey, supposedly carrying 2 kg of Sarin gas.
Deadly New Virus Is Spreading. Virus has killed half the people known to be infected.
Almost half of people shot dead by Australian police were mentally ill: Report says 44 out of 105 fatal shootings in the past 22 years were of people with mental illness
Soldier will plead guilty to slaughtering 16 villagers in Afghanistan to avoid the death penalty
Editorial: Recreational drug control a world first: New Zealand could be the first legal, regulated market for recreational drugs thanks to the Psychoactive Substances Bill before Parliament.
A Muslim-run company have been ordered to pay a Christian worker over 2,000 for racially discriminating against him because he is white
Middle East Coronavirus Called Threat To The Entire World
Sexual allegations about 81 BBC staff have been reported since the Jimmy Savile scandal came to light - with almost half still working for the corporation
UN rights chief urges global powers: Dont send arms to Syria rebels.[xpost /r/strictlyworldpolitics]
Assad: We received 1st shipment of S-300 missiles from Russia
UK special forces snatched Woolwich terror suspect Michael Adebolajo as he tried to enter Somalia from Kenya in 2010 and was flown back to Britain and allowed to roam free for the next two and a half years after he was give a clean bill of health by security services
Syrian Rebels Fragment Over Growing Power of Islamists
Two men become first gay couple to wed in France
Rape in South Africa and other African countries. Some shocking stats.
Human rights activist Ethem Sarslk was shot in the head and killed by the police during the protests in the capital Ankara. Confirmed by multiple witnesses, footage available. Turkish media ignoring the story.
Turkish PM: To me, social media is the worst menace to society
Turkish protesters trying to raise funds for a full page ad at Washington Post or New York Times
Girl, 14, gang raped by 4 men, labelled a black virgin and condemned to death by her village in rural Pakistan for speaking out about it.
Pope Francis meets Atheist Uruguayan president Jose Mujica: I think that if they let him, hes going to make a revolution inside the Church, towards simplicity. Hes just like talking to a good neighbour youve known for years
Canada set to ban lifelong confinement of pigs in small cages: The days of pregnant pigs being confined in cages roughly the same size as their bodies are numbered.
Turkish PM: There is now a menace which is called Twitter. To me, social media is the worst menace to society
Twitter is a troublemaker: Turkish PM
Stop killer robots now, UN asks -- Countries are developing armed robots that can kill without the need for human choice or intervention, and they need to call a halt before its too late
Turkish Union to Strike From Tuesday Over Unrest to support protestors
Syria warns its citizens not to go to Turkey because of protests
Turtle conservationist shot dead by poachers on Costa Rica beach -- Jairo Mora Sandoval, 26, died just weeks after posting a Facebook plea for police help with turtle-egg thieves.
Only Unevolved Apes Want Nukes!: Japanese Demand End to Nuclear Era: Thousands rally in Tokyo as nuclear restarts loom
Islamic cleric decrees it OK for Syrian rebels to rape women
UK Internet provider Sky Broadband has quietly started to restrict access to a wide range of proxy sites through which subscribers could reach Piratebay, Kat.ph, Movie2k and other blocked sites.
Flo Rida refuses to pay $400,000 in damages because he doesnt think Australia has any jurisdiction over him.
Almost 100 Afghan schoolgirls poisoned in suspected gas attack
Turkish Leader Defies the Turkish people and Says Protests Will Not Stop Plans for Park: Calling protesters looters and bums, Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan said that plans to demolish a public park would continue, despite public opposition
Laos Admits Handing Over North Korean Defectors to Pyongyang
Prague evacuated, state of emergency as floods grip Czech Republic
Protests in Turkey Reveal a Larger Fight Over Identity: For many Turks, the development of urban spaces is not so much progress as a reflection of growing autocratic ambitions by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and a fight against Islamism
Egypts Supreme Constitutional Court has ruled that the nations Islamist-dominated legislature and constitutional panel were illegally elected, dealing a serious blow to the legal basis of the Islamists hold on power. [x-post /r/LegalNews]
Insight: North Korean economy surrenders to foreign currency invasion
Turkeys Leader Blames Rioting on Extremists
Portugal stage biggest protest since 1974 revolution whilst international mainstream media ignores it
Mr Erdogan has intimidated the media into self-censorship: as the protesters choked on tear gas, the television networks carried programmes about cooking and penguins. More journalists are in jail in Turkey than in China.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said plans to redevelop a park in Istanbul will go ahead despite mass protests now in their seventh day.
Church of England gives up fight against gay marriage: The Church of England has effectively accepted defeat over gay marriage signalling that it will no longer fight against a change in the law.
Turkish Protests Are About Democracy, Not Religion
18-year-old Paris student left brain dead after brutal attack by far-right skinheads
Girl Gang Raped in Pakistan: Dares to Fight for Justice
Pope Francis says wasting food is like stealing from the poor
Israeli judge resigns after commenting some girls enjoy being raped | CTV News
UN: Countries that engage in bulk, warrantless Internet surveillance are violating human rights
Turkish police arrest 25 people for using social media to call for protest
BBC: Crowds in Taksim Square bigger than ever tonight.
Teacher who had over 200 child porn pictures on his computer is allowed to return to work.
Former Mexico president calls for marijuana legalization
IMF to admit mistakes in handling Greek debt crisis and bailout.
Hamas Orders Christian Schools In Gaza To Enforce Sharia Gender Separation Rules Or Face Closure
North and South Korea Agree to First Dialogue in Years
Spanish MPs abolish subsidised alcoholic drinks in parliament bars after public outcry. Theres no money for school lunches, but there is some for gin and tonics
In Nigeria, They are killing people without asking who they are. When they see young men in traditional robes, they shoot them on the spot.
German High Court Supports Equal Tax Privileges for Gay Couples
Brilliant! Spanish town mailing un-scooped poop to the dog owners who leave it behind.
Fake farm concealed underground grow-op in Langley, B.C. Sheep and pig help disguise grow-op bunker as hobby farm
Turkish trade unions join protests against PM Erdogan
Iran bans dog-walking in public and warn animals could be arrested if caught outside
Police slash ankles and arms of more than 70 men in Papua New Guinea
A mouse-sized fossil from China has provided remarkable new insights into the origin of primates. At 55 million years old, Archicebus, which roughly translates as ancient monkey, represents the earliest known member of this broad group of animals that includes humans
EFF has so much evidence of the NSA surveillance now that theyve created a timeline
White House admits it has access to Facebook, Google
Leaked NSA presentation claims that NSA has direct access to servers at Google, Apple, Facebook, Skype, Yahoo, and many others
Anonymous Just Leaked a Trove of NSA Documents
PRISM Is Also The Name Of A Product From Palantir, A $5 Billion Tech Startup Funded By The CIA
UK gathering secret intelligence via covert NSA operation
Monsanto says it cant explain how GMO wheat from program discontinued 9 years ago could have survived out in the wild
Russian President Vladimir Putin and his wife announce their marriage is over
U.S. intel mining data from nine Internet companies in broad secret program
Erdogan returns to Turkey No power but Allah can stop Turkeys rise.
Cambodia approves a law making it a crime to deny that atrocities were committed by the genocidal 1970s communist Khmer Rouge regime
Thousands of citizens of Sarajevo are blockading the parliament and not allowing the ministers to leave
Sweet conspiracy? Nestle, Mars charged with chocolate price-fixing in Canada
Turkeys Other 50 Percent Demand a Voice - Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan is driving a wedge through his country. While one half reveres him as a savior, the other reviles him as a dictator. By continuing to condemn his opponents and ignore their demands, he is playing a dangerous game.
165 kidnap victims freed in Mexico
The Internet is a Surveillance State
Six newspapers, one title. Six big Turkish papers all headline the exact same quote from a speech by prime minister Erdogan made yesterday, reflecting the media censorship.
Amount of Carbon Dioxide in the Air is Now Higher Than Any Time in the Last 3,000,000 Years
British MP caught on camera, You look like a bloody Jew
Fire at Cattenom nuclear power plant in France (35km from Luxembourg) (French/German article)
Heracleion Photos: Lost Egyptian City Revealed After 1,200 Years Under Sea
PM who takes things personally: Erdogan to demolish park despite protests
BBC News - Rape suspect buried alive in Bolivia
Occupy Istanbul hits London with major protest
France in shock after teenage far-left activist dies following fight with skinheads
Defend Edward Snowden! Snowden is not the one betraying the democratic principles embodied in the Bill of Rights. By exposing the conspiracy against these rights and coming forward at the cost of his career and possibly his life, he is defending them.
Kim Dotcom: concerns over government tyranny are legitimate Prism: concerns over government tyranny are legitimate The post 9/11 security narrative has eroded our privacy rights in favour of government control. Prism should be discontinued immediately
Vladimir Putin defends the U.S. on NSA spying programs and drones: Thats the way its done in the U.S., and thats the way its done in Russia
Afghan Doctor Killed by Angry Mob for Examining a Female Patient Without a Chaperone
Turkish Prime Minister issues a final warning to protesters to leave Gezi Park in Istanbul
Obama administration convinced EU to drop measure that would have blocked NSA spying
Kim Dotcom releases new raid footage captured by in house CCTV
Justices rule human genes cannot be patented
Hong Kong activists plan rally in support of Edward Snowden: Eleven organisations plan to stage march to oppose extradition to the US of former CIA employee behind NSA spying claims
Maid dies after torture, weighing 38 kg/80 lb.
Turkish PM says Taksim Square will be cleared within 24 hours, lashes out at EU resolution condemning excessive use of force, suggests Israel satisfied with unrest
Snowden: [I] would rather stay and fight the United States government in the courts, because I have faith in Hong Kongs rule of law.
Syrian rebels massacre entire christian village.
Snowden Claims U.S. Trying to Bully Hong Kong for Extradition: I am not here to hide from justice; I am here to reveal criminality,
France Disconnects First File-Sharer From the Internet -- After three years and millions of warning letters, the French three-strikes anti-piracy law Hadopi has resulted in the first Internet disconnection
Brazillian journalist killed with 44 bullets: We have information that his newspaper was very combative and that he made many accusations
1/3 of All Honeybee Colonies in England Didnt Survive Winter - British Beekeepers Association attributes worst losses since survey began to washout summer leading to long winter, exacerbated by late spring
Greece shuts down public broadcasting (TV)
Turkey protests: Lone Pianist brings welcome calm to Taksim Square
Death Toll in Syria Tops 93,000 since start of conflict
Afghan parliament upholds right to marry children
The government may have not received personal data from the tech giants directly, but private contractors that comprise %70 percent of the NSA may have...
Afghan parliament upholds right to marry children
Turkish protesters party in square despite ruling party call
Syria: 60 Shia Muslims massacred in rebel cleansing of Hatla
Julian Assange was willing to go to Sweden to answer allegations. All he wanted was a guarantee he wouldnt be handed over to the United States. Sweden refused.
Police brutality caused a pregnant victim to miscarry on Saturday night; six rounds of teargas was fired into an impromptu medical clinic housed in a tent in Istanbul. PM Erdogan threatens news reporters: Turkey is not a country that international media can play games on.
Turkey threatens to deploy army to end unrest
An 18-year-old girl beheaded her father with a bush knife after he repeatedly raped her at their home in Papua New Guinea
Its about to go down in Aleppo, Syria. as 80,000 troops are about storm the city.
Corrosive chemicals in Turkish Police water cannons - causes blisters
Putin questions why Western powers support Syrian rebels who eat human organs
Turkish PM appears to be a man so intoxicated with power that hes lost all grasp of reality and doesnt seem to realize how much damage his ego is doing to an entire country
Dozens of Photos Showing Toxic and Chemical Gas Canisters Used on Protesters in Turkey
Hateful Speech in Istanbul: Erdogan Throws Fuel on Flames He cleared out Gezi Park with brutal violence, disparaged the protesters as terrorists and railed against the foreign media...Erdogan is inflaming the conflict once more. But the protest movement shows no signs of backing down
China calls for explanations of US surveillance
North Korea ready to discuss nuclear disarmament
JPMorgan calls for authoritarian regimes in Europe: The authors of the JPMorgan report are arguing for governments to adopt dictatorial-type powers to complete the process of social counterrevolution that is already well underway across Europe
UK secret service intercepted foreign politicians comms during G8
Julian Assange: Ecuador will continue to grant asylum The Ecuadorian government will continue to ensure that he continues with the protection we have given him under asylum in our country, protecting his life, his personal integrity, and particularly his freedom of expression.
Montreal Mayor Michael Applebaum arrested by anti-corruption unit
400 Year woman found in backyard,costs couple 5000$ in fees.
The Chinese government has ordered firms in heavy-polluting industries to cut emissions by 30% by 2017.
Turkish government says it may use army to end protests The Turkish government has said it may use the armed forces to end nearly three weeks of unrest by protesters in Istanbul and other cities.
I dont recognize the European Parliament, says PM Erdogan
Egyptian Bloopers: Our War Is With America and Israel
Teenage Girl Beheads Father After He Raped Her In Papua New Guinea Home
A Finnish company have spent 10yrs devising a carbon fibre lift rope that will be able to raise an elevator 3,300 feet. The effectiveness of elevators is one of the main constraints when building tall buildings, so UltaRope could result in buildings worthy of the name skyscraper
infantile Climate science debate has cost precious time, expert warns. Commission report says evidence of rapidly changed climate has strengthened. There have been attempts to undermine the science. The science has been attacked and scrutinised and its stood up.
UK spies hacked diplomats phones, emails, Guardian reports
Protesters in Brasil: World Cup website hacked to show the world whats happening in Brazil right now.
Brazil is under Siege: Protest in all Major Cities. Rio 100 thousands, Sao Paulo, 65 thousands. Brasilia, Capital: Congress was invaded.
Turkish government threatens to deploy the army against protests and to prosecute doctors who treated wounded protesters in Gezi Park
Brazilians spend as much as 26% of their income to ride the bus
A quarter of a million people flooded the streets of cities across Brazil last night to protest against police violence, political corruption and World Cup spending.
A single man has been standing still for hours at Taksim square to protest Turkish government. Others are joining one by one
Iran ready to halt 20% uranium enrichment, West must reciprocate Iran has confirmed it is prepared to halt its enrichment of 20-percent uranium, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said, urging Western nations to end their sanctions against Tehran.
Bill Clinton in Israel: No matter how many settlers you put out there, the Palestinians are having more babies than the Israelis as a wholeYouve got an existential question to answer
98-year-old charged with unlawful execution, torture of Jews during World War II
Brazil protests over World Cup costs spread nationwide
Turkey: A Weekend of Police Abuse Many Protesters Arrested; Hospital Targeted - detailed report from Human Rights Watch
Obamas Soft Totalitarianism: Europe Must Protect Itself from America
In a letter sent today to the US Congress, an international coalition of non-profit organizations called upon the U.S. government to protect the privacy and freedoms of not only its citizens, but of people everywhere.
New Snowden leak: NSA, Britains GCHQ, eavesdropped on foreign leaders
Pirate Bay founder Gottfrid Svartholm will be extradited to Denmark where he faces several new hacking charges.
Pregnant Muslim woman loses baby after being kicked for wearing Islamic veil
Kerry quietly releases $1.3bn military aid package for Egypt
Barbra Streisand: Women shouldnt sit in back of bus in Israel: Orthodox Jews in Israel shouldnt treat women as second class citizens
Brazils Poor Pay World Cup Penalty: Inside the stadium, president Dilma Roussef was booed as she inaugurated the Brazil-Japan match.
Russian parliament passes anti-homosexual laws
Brazil is, right now, facing numerous and pacific protests in its main cities (Rio, So Paulo, Braslia etc.). Millions in the streets demanding an efficient and less corrupt government.
Kim Jong Un distributed copies of Mein Kampf to senior officials, ordered them to study the Third Reich in depth and that practical applications be drawn from it
Governement working on draft to restrict social media in Turkey
World Heritage Sites Wants Drilling &amp; Oil Exploration Banned in Gorilla Sanctuary - Its 1 of the last places on Earth you should go looking for oil. Virunga National Park is Africas oldest &amp; has the most species. Permits are held by international conglomerates, including French Total.
Zimbabwe president Robert Mugabe vows to make hell for gays and lesbians, says theyll rot in jail if hes re-elected
More than 300 thousand people protesting in Rio right now!
Occupy Brazil happening simultaneously in over 100 cities, totalling a few million people on the streets right now
Japanese scientists are expecting to be granted approval to grow human organs in animals and then harvest them for transplant within the next year.
This could be the moment Brazilians decide theyve had enough of 500 years being exploited by the same people. Andy Martin reports on Sao Paulo
The case of a 12-year-old girl who is pregnant after being raped for years by her father and others in a La Paz prison has sparked outrage in Bolivia over the practice of letting children live in jails.
The Around The World in 80 Jobs blogger has had his concept stolen and name trademarked by Adecco. (x-post from r/travel)
Anonymous to release secret North Korea military documents June 25
The UK patent on Viagra runs out today making it cheaper than a cup of coffee... Happy Friday Chaps.
15 million Egyptians have signed a petition calling for President Morsis Resignation
Istanbul is silent right now. Because tear gas killed its birds.
Israeli man shot in Jerusalem at the Wailing Wall for shouting Allah Ackbar
Brazillian newspaper on the mass protests in Brazil: Everything was going so well and suddenly we are replaying Tahrir Square, suddenly, with no warning, no crescendo.
Egypt orders $2.5mln worth of teargas from US despite plunging economy
Argentina caught a Chinese ship trying to steal 180 tonnes of its squid
Calgary (Alberta, Canada) flooding forces evacuations, 100,000 may be affected
Palm Oil Companies Most Likely Caused Record Fires in the Rainforests of Indonesia
Chinas economy is freezing up
Turkish Embassy in Washington, DC gets the Standing Man treatment
A very bad air day in Singapore this week, as seen by NASAs Terra and Aqua satellites.
McLibel leaflet was co-written by undercover police officer Bob Lambert - McDonalds sued green activists in long-running David v Goliath legal battle, but police role only now exposed
Palm-Oil Giants Dodge Responsibility for Toxic Smog Covering Singapore. Record-breaking hazardous smog forces millions indoors
Chinese students protest against increased steps to stop cheating.
Hope brought me to America: A North Korean defector tells his inspiring story of surviving famine, escaping hell, and finding a new purpose
Syria: Children dying by the roadside as refugees flee for the border
Over 1,000,000 people are protesting on the streets in dozens of Brazilian cities
Leaked e-mails reveal that Standard and Poors and Moodys accepted money for higher ratings before the financial crisis.
Amnesty International chimes in on Snowden case: USA must not hunt down whistleblower Edward Snowden
Afghan Presidential Palace is Under Attack
Putin Says Russia Wont Extradite Edward Snowden
Putin confirms Edward Snowden is in Moscow airport transit zone
Overzealous data collectors in the US and Great Britain have no right to investigate German citizens. The German government must protect people from unauthorized access by foreign intelligence agencies, and it must act now. This is a matter of national security.
The United States Wiretapped The Mail Of The European Parliament
Russia Rebukes U.S., Insisting Snowden Not Within Border. The Obama administrations inability, at least for now, to influence China, Russia and countries in Latin America that may accept Mr. Snowden for asylum, like Ecuador, brought home the limits of American power around the world.
Iceland has withdrawn its bid to join the European Union
An increasingly frustrated Obama administration escalated its criticism on Monday of Russia, China and Ecuador, the countries that appeared to be protecting Edward J. Snowden.
Snowden never entered Russia admits Moscow
Given the colossal scale of the technologies both in place and coming online soon, it is conceivable that the US government intends to intercept, store, catalog, and profile the activities of every single person with a cell phone or an Internet connection... about 4.5 billion people.
[Dutch link] Dutch Internet TV program exposes Europe parliamentarians who check in to work, and leave 5 minutes later. This gets them 300 Euros. When confronted they get angry and hit the camera.
Jon Stewart, on Egypts version of the Daily Show, criticizes Morsis persecution of political comedians: If your regime is not strong enough to handle a joke, then you dont have a regime. A joke has never ridden a motorcycle with a baton into a crowd, a joke has never fired tear gas into a park.
Edward Snowden leaves reporters chasing shadows around an airport
On its side, the Obama Administration has the courts, the intelligence services, Congress, the diplomatic service, much of the media, and most of the American public. Snowdens got Greenwald, a woman from Wikileaks, and a dodgy travel document from Ecuador. Which side are you on?
Zimbabwe MP who just published damning report on missing diamond funds dies in road accident... after warning
German police arrested a 57-year-old trucker accused of carrying out 762 shootings on European highways over the past five years
Policeman Who Shot And Killed an unarmed protester Ethem Sarslk In Turkey, was released From Jail today. Even though his murder was caught on video!
Michael Hastings Sent Email About FBI Probe Hours Before Death
Brazils President Rousseff calls for constitutional vote to quell protests. The streets are telling us that the country wants quality public services, more effective measures to combat corruption ... and responsive political representation
Istanbuls 2020 Olympic bid chief is backing Turkish protesters
Trauma of spys girlfriend: like being raped by the state
American CEO Being Held Hostage in China by his own Factory Workers
BBC releases statement after the Mayor of Ankara threatened one of their reporters in social media
Why U.S. Is Being Humiliated By The Hunt For Snowden: Extra-judicial assassination, drones, killer robots, extraordinary rendition, black ops, wet ops, psy-ops, silly ops... The world is a bit tired of all this American posturing, grandstanding, and self-serving banditry.
Netherlands closing prisons due to lack of prisoners
Two girls and mother killed in northern Pakistan over a home video showing them enjoying the rain
Former Icelandic minister asked 8 or 9 FBI agents to leave country - Agents said they were there to stop hackers, were really investigating WikiLeaks.
Chris Hedges Defends Snowdens Heroism in the Face of a Growing Smear Campaign: If there are no Snowdens, if there are no Mannings, if there are no Assanges, there will be no free press.
Snowden, in asylum letter, says fair trial unlikely: I believe that, given these circumstances, it is unlikely that I would receive a fair trial or proper treatment prior to that trial, and face the possibility of life in prison or even death.
Mainstream Corporate Media Is More Interested in Capturing Snowden Than Condemning the Abuses He Exposed
Kevin Rudd trumps Julia Gillard in bid for Australian Labor Party ballot. 57 - 45.
(NYT) Snowden, Through the Eyes of a Spy Novelist: in the last week both he and his former employers have misplayed their hands... (He) did not start out as a spy, and calling him one bends the term past recognition. Spies dont give their secrets to journalists for free.
Australia: Julia Gillard has been voted out of leadership by her party only 2 months before the election and replaced by former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd.
Latin America is ready to defy the US over Snowden and other issues | Stephen Kinzer
The Terminal: Snowden stuck in Moscow airport, cant buy ticket with invalid passport. Cancelling Snowdens passport and bullying intermediary countries may keep Snowden permanently in Russia, warns WikiLeaks
Snowdens (Encrypted) Files Are Out There if Anything Happens To Him
US demands Russia give up Snowden: Thanks, says Putin: Every time the US demands something from another country without considering the other parties interests and motivations, it weakens itself. Vladimir Putin has been pointing this out
Bitcoiners rally behind Snowden
Though the U.S. revoked Snowdens passport, Assange revealed that Snowden was supplied with a refugee document when he left Hong Kong by the Ecuadorean government, allowing him to travel.
Gay student beaten to death by farmer who was convinced the young man was the devil.
Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard calls a leadership ballot for 7pm Wednesday to decide who will lead the country to the next election
Whistleblowers will continue to leak state secrets, warns AP chief
Ecuador tells U.S. to send its position on Snowden in writing
Pope Francis sets up special commission of inquiry into the Vatican bank
Russia: Syria Will Be Armed With Weapons That Have Never Been Seen Before In the Middle East
More recordings of Irish bankers, One heard laughing as deposits come in from Germany as a result of a Bank Guarantee
Germany blasts Britain over GCHQs secret cable trawl - Minister questions legality of mass tapping of calls and internet and demands to know extent to which Germans were targeted
Australian Government changes Prime Minister to Kevin Rudd at a vote of 57 - 45
Ecuador president blasts coverage of Snowden case: Theyve managed to focus attention on Snowden and on the wicked countries that support him, making us forget the terrible things against the U.S. people and the whole world that he denounced.
Equador Gets Sassy and Offers U.S. 23 Million In Human Rights Training.
The CIAs Plan To Cut Down On Leaks Was Just Leaked.
Ecuador waives U.S. trade rights over Snowden case
WikiLeaks Volunteer Was a Paid Informant for the FBI. Sigurdur Siggi Thordarson served two masters, working for the secret-spilling website and simultaneously spilling its secrets to the U.S. government in exchange for $5,000.
Happy endings ruled not illegal in southern China. Giving men masturbation in exchange for money will not be considered an act of prostitution, and those who provide these services will not face prosecution.
Africas Western Black Rhino is Now Officially Extinct
Additional US data mining revealed by the guardian.
Obama: Im Not Going to Be Scrambling Jets to Get a 29-Year-Old Hacker
Ecuador waives US trade rights after threats made over Snowden case - Ecuador said on Thursday it was waiving preferential rights under a US trade agreement to demonstrate its principled approach to the asylum request of former American spy agency contractor and whistle-blower Edward Snowden.
Edward Snowden given safepass to Ecuador
The British inventor of the World Wide Web accused Western governments of hypocrisy in spying on the Internet while lecturing repressive leaders across the world for doing exactly the same
The US got Snowdens middle name wrong in the extradition request it sent to Hong Kong
First Unlooted Royal Tomb of Its Kind Unearthed in Peru. Three queens were buried with golden treasures, human sacrifices.
Henry Kissinger: In the American press Syria is described as a conflict between democracy and a dictator. But thats not whats going on,
Syria: Islamist Rebels Attack Christian Village, Kill Priest Trying To Defend Nuns Inside Convent
Outrage over Syrian rebels assaulting catholic monastery, killing hermit
Facebook Accepted but Twitter Rejected to help Turkish Government on Protests
US wont try to intercept Snowden flights - Obama
Botswana, the worlds largest diamond producer, has started to auction its own diamonds for the first time instead of selling them in Europe.
[During] the Cold War, practically every telephone call in both directions between East and West Germany was monitored by the secret services on both sides of the Berlin Wall. After the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1990, international monitoring operations were not halted, but rather extended.
US boss held captive by Chinese plant workers until he agrees to severance packages.
George Orwells birthday celebrated in style in Utrecht (Netherlands) [translated link]
Japans public broadcaster sued over use of English words. Elderly viewers confused by increasing trend to use anglicised terms instead of their Japanese equivalent
Report: 36 killed after knife gang attacks China police station
Germany ready to charge UK and US intelligence over alleged bugging operations - Europe - World
In 2009, a German politician sued to have 6 months of his stored metadata released by his cell phone company, this is what it looks like.
French president demands any US spying cease now
Germany to charge UK and USA with spying.
Army estimates millions of protesters on Egypt streets: It is the biggest protest in Egypts history, the source told AFP
Muslim Brotherhood Headquarters Destroyed In Egyptian Protest
Edward Snowden asking 15 countries for asylum, Russian official says
Dutch Rabobank refuses to fund US fracking and to provide any money at all to US farmers who lend their land to it
Afghan soldier defuses suicide vest with terrorist still wearing it
Putin tells Snowden to stop leaking
Iranian Female Swimmers Time Goes Unrecorded Because Government Say Her Bathing Suit Was Too Revealing
Indias Seed Savior Goes Against the Corporate Grain  Debal Deb, a scientist building a seed bank, is helping save 920 varieties of indigenous rice using traditional methods. Working with locals, he hopes to make farmers independent of big corporations &amp; GM crops, opening access to local seeds.
EU threatens U.S. with dropping trade (translation)
Revelations that the US has spied extensively on the EU and European countries have infuriated leaders in Brussels and Berlin -- and could endanger the trans-Atlantic free-trade agreement. Important American voices are demanding that Obama come clean.
French president told to grant asylum to Edward Snowden for revealing illegal US surveillance of Europen governments.
Thousands of Egyptians gather in Tahrir square to protest against the Morsi regime
Germany summons US ambassador over Cold War spying leaks
The Oxford grooming ring was promoted by imams who encourage followers to think white women deserve to be punished, an Islamic leader has claimed.
Hundreds of thousands protest for democracy in Hong Kong
Russian politician says it would be morally impermissible to hand Edward Snowden to US
Donald Trump, on trying to build another golf course in Scotland: Wind farms are a disaster for the environment
Shotguns, petrol bombs and rocks as protesters try to storm Muslim Brotherhood HQ in Cairo
Japan spends millions in order to be Cool. Japans Upper House gave final approval to a $500 million, 20-year fund to promote Japanese culture overseas, called Cool Japan
US Secretary of State John Kerry has responded to allegations that the US bugged the offices of its allies, saying its activities were not unusual in international relations.
France is top industrial espionage offender according to WikiLeaks cable
Bolivia furious its presidents plane was forced to make an emergency landing in Austria because of rumour US fugitive Edward Snowden was on board.
Act of aggression: Bolivia to file UN complaint over airspace blockade
German government refuses asylum for Snowden
US spying row: France wants suspension of trade talks between EU and US over spying claims
Egypts army threatens to march with protesters and take over government if demands arent met by tomorrow.
Irans incoming president says Facebook should be unblocked and the Islamic dress code should be softened
Canadian Lotto Winner Leaves $10,000 Tip for Diner Owner With Sick Daughter - just had burger and fries
Hidden microphone found at Ecuadors embassy in UK, says foreign minister - Microphone was found last month inside office of Ecuadorean ambassador, in building where Julian Assange resides
For more than two and a half weeks now, Bulgarians have been taking to the streets daily. Is the world watching?
Police State Canada: Communications Security Establishment Canada (CSEC) Runs Massive Domestic Spying Program
Live coverage: Crisis in Egypt. Latest: Muslim Brotherhood refused to meet army commanders. Everyone in Egypt holding their breath these 2 hrs when deadline for pres Morsi ends -- Army in meetings, both sides ready for the streets
Julian Assange calls on Europe to welcome fugitive Edward Snowden
Ecuador says it found a hidden microphone at its London embassy - Reuters
Turkish court scraps plan to redevelop Taksim Square
Norway will reconsider asylum for Snowden
Spain has opened its airspace to Bolivian president Evo Morales plane, after it was diverted to Austria amid suspicions Edward Snowden was on board
Bug found at Ecuadors embassy in London
Missing man, 43, is rescued after being forced to work as a slave for 13 years in Wales
Snowden case: France denies blocking Bolivia plane - Two officials with the French Foreign Ministry said Wednesday that Morales plane had authorization to fly over France. They would not comment on why Bolivian officials said otherwise.
Bug is found in Ecuador Embassy in London
Edward Snowdens digital misuse has created problems, says Ban Ki-moon
Judge OKs deal for HSBC bank to pay $1.9 billion penalty for helping Mexican drug traffickers, Iran, Libya and others
Guantanamo Bay Detainees to Be Force-Fed at Night Out of Respect for Ramadan
Indian movie banned in Pakistan because it shows a Muslim girl falling in love with a Hindu boy
Another lie from James Clapper. He says he forgot about the Patriot Act.
Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan were told by their superiors to ignore incidents where Afghan soldiers and interpreters sexually assaulted young boys.
Bolivian President Evo Morales says he wont hesitate to close the U.S. embassy: European countries need to liberate themselves from the imperialism of the Americans.
US President Barack Obama has been urged to appear in front of the European Parliament to explain the allegations that US authorities spied on EU embassies.
Tech firms including Microsoft are said to voluntarily give advanced warning to the US government of vulnerabilities in software products sold to governments overseas before they are patched, allowing US agencies to effectively use them to conduct foreign surveillance.
Iranian swimmer Elham Asghari swam 20km in full Islamic dress. But her record-breaking nine-hour feat has not been recognised by national authorities because she is a woman.
If you think that government and the financial industry are a bit too friendly in the U.S., try England. Londons version of Wall Street is called the City. And in the City, the line between government and corporate interests gets even blurrier. Critics say its time for change.
CIA whistleblower to Snowden: Do not cooperate with the FBI
Egypt army opens fire on pro-Morsi protesters - Middle East - Al Jazeera English
Icelandic parliament refuses to grant Snowden citizenship.
Egypt: 80 sexual assaults in one day  the other story of Tahrir Square
South American leaders demand apology in plane row - The presidents of Argentina, Ecuador, Suriname, Venezuela and Uruguay joined Morales in the Bolivian city of Cochabamba late Thursday to address the diplomatic row. Morales warned that he would close the U.S. Embassy in Bolivia if necessary.
France rejects Snowdens application for citizenship. If Snowden enters France, the police would be compelled to arrest and extradite him
Spain Claims It Was Told Snowden Was On Morales Flight
Rupert Murdoch upset that hes been paying off the press for years, and all of a sudden people are having a problem with it
For US, Assistance Given to Snowden Is No Trifling Matter: US sends strong message that whoever takes in the NSA whistleblower will face serious repercussions
Muslim Brotherhood accuses Egypts new president of being secretly Jewish
Forcing down Evo Moraless plane was an act of air piracy
Bolivian President threatens to shut down U.S. embassy following the forced stop of presidential plane in Austria.: We dont need US Embassy in Bolivia
Early in Obamas first term, some 78 percent of Germans saw the US as a country that could be trusted. This week, though, following revelations of large-scale US spying in Europe and vast Internet surveillance, that trust has taken a hit.
EU votes to support suspending U.S. data sharing agreements, including passenger flight data
Russia criticises European states for unfriendly diversion of Bolivian president Morales plane
India passes worlds largest Food Security bill
US sends Irish Government arrest warrant for Snowden - Move a pre-emptive strike to stop fugitive intelligence analyst landing at Shannon on way to Cuba
Only six members of Icelandic Parliament are in favor of granting Edward Snowden citizenship.
China and Russia start largest-ever joint military drills
Mexico: Teenager stabbed to death for recording vote-buying with his cellphone. He was attacked by PRI militants, the current party in power.
Pope Francis: It hurts my heart when I see a priest or a nun with the latest model of car
U.S. To Latin American Countries Offering Asylum To Snowden: We Wont Put Up With This Kind Of Behavior
President of Zimbabwe tells gay couples to have a baby or they face jail I should like to shut them up in some room and see if they get pregnant. If they dont then its jail because they have claimed they can have children. So, to that kind of rot, we say no!
Canadas new chief scientist proclaims: Scientific discovery is not valuable unless it has commercial value.
Billionaire Gives His $3 Million Bonus To Workers
Mos Def force fed under standard Gitmo procedure to demonstrate the treatment of the hunger strikers.
Snowden Reveals How GCHQ in Britain Soaks Up Mass Internet Data
A 16-year-old boy was arrested at a Pink concert in Australia after he tweeted a reference to the singers Timebomb song
Andy Murray defeats Novak Djokovic to win Wimbledon mens final, becomes first British man to win since 1936.
Bolivia joins the party, also grants asylum for Edward Snowden
Ban Ki Moon goes to a private meeting with Icelandic officials and condemns Snowden. Pirate Partys Birgitta Jnsdttirs response - Ban Ki Moon sucks
Pentagon Papers leaker: Snowden was right to run
Video captures camouflaged military sniper firing into a crowded demonstration in Cairo
Cubas Raul Castro criticizes U.S., backs allies on Snowden
Donald Trump fails to deliver on Scottish golf resort jobs pledge. By his own admission, Mr Trump has created no more than 200 of his promised 6,000 jobs
Canadians continue to trade fundamental freedoms away to the Harper Government for security
Al-Jazeera kicked out of Egypt news conference
US escalates threats against governments considering asylum for Snowden
Egypt after Mursi - Suddenly there is electricity and petrol again which raises questions and nourishes rumors
UN report says Mexicans are the heaviest on the planet, outweighing Americans even as they battle hunger and malnutrition.
11-Year-Old Chilean Rape Victims Health Is In Danger Because She Cant Get An Abortion
At least 50 drinkers in bar feared dead after runaway train devastates Canadian town
Russian plane to conduct observation flights over US, Canada
A new form of protest is emerging in Turkey - peoples forums. A loosely organised group with no political or religious affiliation is keeping the government to account.
Hero Fukushima ex-manager who foiled nuclear disaster dies of cancer: It was Yoshidas own decision to disobey HQ orders to stop using seawater to cool the reactors. Instead he continued to do so and saved the active zones from overheating and exploding
Majority of people worldwide believe corruption has worsened - governments less effective at curbing it since 2008 financial collapse
New Edward Snowden video interview released
Irelands High Court refuses to grant arrest warrant for Snowden - The Irish Times
How The Guardian Broke the Snowden Story ... and what it says about the British media companys emerging threat to The New York Times.
Snowden chooses Venezuela for asylum, agrees to Maduro offer  Russian MP
Warren Buffett just donated 22,870,529 shares of Berkshire Hathaway stock to five charities. The gift is worth $2.6 billion.
Fukushima groundwater now 90x more radioactive than Friday
Gay tourists could face jail following new anti-gay law in Russia. LGBT people in Russia are scared, they live in fear
Australian director of the Centre for Alcohol Policy Research, says marijuana should be legalised under strict controls because the social harm associated with it was significantly less than from drinking.
Ruling party in Turkey stops own bill, thinking it was proposed by the opposition
The European Union has brokered a legally-binding deal to improve worker rights and safety standards in Bangladesh, but some US companies, including Wal-Mart and Gap, have opted out, on the grounds that the deal gives too much power to local unions.
Brazilian Politicians Want To Offer Snowden Asylum After Learning Of US Spying On Brazilians
Tibetan monks celebrating Dalai Lama birthday shot at by Chinese police
Osama bin Laden was stopped for speeding in car while on run in Pakistan report reveals
Christian healer, who groped three women patients at British home, is jailed -- He tried to convince jurors that victims were experiencing phantom hands. The judge the explanation was a significant lie and jailed him for two years.
Three Strikes and Youre Still In  France Kills Piracy Disconnections -- France has backtracked on the law that allowed users to be disconnected from the Internet. Today a decree was published which removed the possibility for file-sharers to have their connections cut for copyright infringement
Brazil Opens Investigation into US Spying
22 Staffers Resign At Al-Jazeera Over Claims Of Biased Coverage In Egypt
Toronto battered by storm, flooding; 300,000 residents in the dark
Second Prisoner X held in top secret in Israel
Venezuela receives formal asylum request from Snowden
A Spanish newspaper has published what it alleges are documents showing Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and other top politicians received illicit payments.
Revealed: NSA Put Latin American Countries in Cyber-Spying Crosshairs
Pollution in northern China has led to drop of 5 years in lifespan.
Russia Says It Will Arrest Openly Gay Tourists
US allies Mexico, Brazil, Colombia and Chile have joined other Latin American nations in demanding answers from Washington over spying allegations.
Diplomats cry foul as Obama donors take over top embassy jobs
Snowden: I never gave any information to Chinese or Russian governments
Londons police spend over $16,000 per day to stake out Julian Assange
World Service Authority has issued a world citizen passport for Edward Snowden
Saudi princess arrested in California human trafficking investigation
Pope Francis overhauled the laws that govern the Vatican City State, criminalizing leaks of Vatican information and specifically listing sexual violence, prostitution and possession of child pornography as crimes against children that can be punished by up to 12 years in prison
Putin sends a signal: Russian lawyer who exposed police corruption and was beaten to death by the police he accused, is convicted of tax fraud by Russia after his death.
Kremlin turns back to typewriters to avoid security leaks
Police investigate United Stasi of America artist
We aired lies: Al Jazeera staff quit over misleading Egypt coverage
Horrifying accounts of a massacre of Muslim students by Buddhists in Myanmar.
Laser show on the US embassy in Berlin: United Stasi of America
Mexican president says possible U.S. spying totally unacceptable
Sales of adult diapers surpass baby diapers in aging Japan
Parched Jordan to Start Pumping from 300,000-Yr-Old Aquifer - Problem is, 2008 study by Duke University shows the water has 20 times more radiation than is safe, with radium content that could trigger cancers. But the govt has brushed aside those concerns.
Julian Assange stakeout at Ecuadorean embassy costs Met police 3.8m (so far); MP cites misallocation as ridiculous waste of time &amp; resources
Man aged 23 dies after Manchester police shoot him with Taser
India is ready to use Blackberry message intercept system Blackberry is ready to provide the Indian authorities with a way to intercept consumers messages sent and received on its platform.
Chinese police say employees of drug maker GlaxoSmithKline bribed doctors, hospitals
BMW said China will surpass the U.S. this year as its No. 1 market
Infighting threatens Egypt transition plan, army orders arrests
Anonymous hactivists reveal files of corrupt governing party in Spain
France to stop the Three-strikes law.
Canadians win $250,000 dollar prize for first human powered helicopter. The prize has been unclaimed for 33 years.
Edward Snowden calls meeting with Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch at Sheremetyevo airport: US officials are preventing me claiming asylum
Russian lawmakers say Snowden deserves Nobel Peace Prize
Snowden: No actions I take or plan are meant to harm the US...I want the US to succeed., Asks for political asylum in Russia
Snowden watch: Todays Moscow-Havana flight taking a very unusual detour that avoids U.S. airspace. Currently over the Atlantic.
Telstra storing data on behalf of US government: The data Telstra stored for the US government includes the actual content of emails, online messages and phone calls.
Irish government passes legislation to allow for an abortion if a womans life is at risk, including from suicide.
Amnesty International: Having seen the evidence, the US should immediately drop the Aiding the Enemy charge against WikiLeaks source Bradley Manning
Happening now: Minute-by-minute LIVE coverage of Snowdens meeting with human rights groups.
Corrupt Zimbabwe hospital charged women in labor $5 for every scream. Average annual income is only $150 so many give birth at home; eight women die during childbirth every day in Zimbabwe.
Edward Snowden requests human rights groups meeting
Turkeys Protests Wont Die Like Occupy Wall Street Did
Tired of helping CIA? Quit Facebook, Venezuela minister urges
Hubble telescope spots azure blue planet where it rains glass
Experts advise Snowden: fly commercial
Al Qaeda kills Free Syrian Army commander: FSA spokesman
Saudi princess posts $5-million bail, will be freed
Edward Snowden to meet human rights groups Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch at Moscow airport Fri 7/12/13
US ships F-16s to Egypt as military intensifies crackdown
Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousafzai is to address the United Nations as part of her campaign to ensure free compulsory education for every child.
Media Disinformation: 22 Resignations at Al Jazeera over pro-Muslim Brotherhood bias Egypt coverage.
Saudi, UAE and Kuwait provide $12 bil to Egypt, delighted at armys ousting of President Mohamed Mursi
A young woman stoned to death for having a cell phone after ruling by a Panchayat
The wheels are coming off the whole of southern Europe
Thousands of workers across Brazil walked off their jobs in a peaceful nationwide strike demanding better working conditions: Were here to demand that Dilma follows through on her promises
Reykjavk to end sister cities relationship with Moscow because of gay rights violations in Russia
19 year-old Hacker Reveals How Brazils Elections Were Rigged
Linguist Finds a Language in Its Infancy - the language, called Warlpiri rampaku, created by children, is spoken only by people under 35 in Lajamanu, an isolated village in Northern Australia
Heroic effort at great personal cost: Edward Snowden nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
Hundreds of centuries-old trees chopped down to make room for the Popes visit in Brazil
Slavery is a $32bn global industry, so why arent we following the money trail?
Britain to use secret evidence in court: The Justice and Security Act 2013 (JSA) came into force this month. The key provision contained within the legislation creates a new judicial procedure which will permit the use of secret evidence in any civil trial in the UK.
EU Commissioner: We Dont Want U.S. Reading Our Mail and Listening to Our Phone Calls
Israeli PM threatens to attack Iran
Worlds Oldest Calendar Discovered in Scottish Field - Its thousands of years older than previous known formal time-measuring monuments created in Mesopotamia. It is remarkable to think our aerial survey helped find the place where time itself was invented.
China aims to quadruple solar power generating capacity within two years
Poland bans Kosher slaughter of animals. Ethical or Intolerant?
Australias largest telco stored data for FBI
NHS Hit for Millions by Overcharging Scam - Drug companies exploit loophole in the law to hike prices by as much as 2,000%
Police continued to fire Tasers at chests  despite cardiac arrest warnings
Gay marriage clears the House of Lords
The Arab spring: has it failed? Roughly two-and-a-half years after the revolutions in the Arab world, not a single country is yet plainly on course to become a stable, peaceful democracy
Saudi Arabia has built missile launch pads that target both Iran and Israel with ballistic missiles
4 senior executives from pharmaceutical company GlaxoSmithKline are being held by Chinese police on suspicion of bribery
China naval fleet seen off northern Japan
US blocks crackdown on tax avoidance by net firms like Google and Amazon; US forced the watering down of tough new international tax reform rules
How International Justice Is Being Gutted: Critics accuse one judge of creating legal precedents that make it impossible to convict senior commanders for human rights abuses.
Italian senator says black minister has features of orangutan
Intelligence agencies suspect that the well-established drug cartels in Chinas Xinjiang province pushing fake currency into India with the help of Pakistan spy agency ISI.
Racist attacks on the rise in Greece: Violence against foreigners and immigrants are on the rise in Greece, as the country suffers from a recent economic downturn and increased violent activity from suspected neo-Nazis.
Norwegian rape victim sentenced to 1 year and 4 months of prison in Dubai for sex outside of marriage.
Queen gives royal assent to same-sex marriage legislation; gay marriage now legal in England and Wales
Same-sex marriage legalized in England, Wales
Li Jianxin, a Chinese whistleblower, was rammed by a car, blinded with acid, and deprived of two of his fingers.
Russia bursts into top five strongest economies, replacing Germany
EU to abandon net neutrality - The new rule would undo the EUs previous policy of ensuring so-called network neutrality - a principle which states that ISPs must not give any content preferential treatment and that any video, article or web page should get just as much bandwidth as another.
Shark Finning and Over Fishing. More people need to understand how much of a problem this is. 12 people are killed each year by sharks, but an estimated 11,417 sharks are killed EVERY HOUR.
US surveillance becomes election issue in Germany - creates political turbulence for Merkel
Shark Finning Banned By EU
U.S. to Russia: Turn over Snowden or risk long-term problems
Same-sex marriage set to enter UK law later this week
19 children die, more sick after eating free lunch in Indian primary school, official says
Israel among most corrupt of OECD countries
Approximately 5,000 Syrians are dying each month, and an average of 6,000 people flee the country every day, UN officials reported Tuesday. Since the war began, nearly 93,000 people are dead, and 1.8 million have fled.
Israel set to approve over 900 new settlement homes in West Bank
Stolen paintings Matisse, Picasso, Monet and Gauguin burnt by thieves because they wouldnt sell, suspects mom says
Britains Chemical Sales To Syria Revealed - Britain has approved more than 12bn in military sales to countries it condemns for human rights abuses, including Syria.
Putin says U.S. ties more important than Snowden
US drone strike killed key al-Qaida leader Saeed al-Shihri in Yemen
Winner of $3.2million at age 16 now has $3000 left 10 years later
Petty police corruption shown in the UK, as officers ex-girlfriend is harassed with false accusations
U.N. officials say 5,000 people a month are being killed in Syria - flight of refugees worst since Rwanda genocide
Tibetans lose patience after 50 years of peaceful protest
Canadian First Nations people were used as test subjects for malnutrition experiments without their knowledge
Catholic school expels school girl who was raped during school trip. School says she broke curfew and had been drinking alcohol
Pres. Jimmy Carter defends Snowden, also says: America has no functioning democracy. Could only find this on German news sites, not American
Peru to Provide Free Solar Power to its 2 Million Poorest Citizens
Brazils Army Moves To Protect Indigenous Aw Tribe By Halting Illegal Logging: Theyre known by some as Earths Most Threatened Tribe, but now Brazils indigenous Aw population is getting help from a powerful force -- the national army.
Stolen paintings of Picasso, Matisse, Monet and others, worth approximately $200mln, burned by Romanian woman to destroy evidence against her son
19 of the 22 children who died after eating a tainted free school meal in Indias Bihar state have been buried in and around the school grounds. Angry parents say they want the graves to serve as a reminder that the children died due to state negligence
Soccers global body FIFA lost a fight to block free TV access to World Cup matches after the European Unions highest court said top matches involving national teams should be available to all viewers if governments insist
Asian arrested for filming UAE man beating Indian driver in Dubai
The Drone that Killed my Grandson
EUs decision on Israel like a bucket of cold water on the head of a drunk The European Union has at last lost patience with Israels refusal to comply with international law over settlements.
In the 40s and 50s the Canadian government intentionally withheld rations and vitamin supplements from hungry aboriginal children to see how starvation affects the body.
Husband and wife jailed for attacking Sikh taxi driver and ripping off his turban
Russian Opposition Leader Alexei Navalny Jailed for 5 Years
Rules Change on Olympic Marijuana Testing - World Anti-Doping Agency amended its rules on cannabis, raising threshold for a positive test from 15 nanograms per milliliter to 150 ng/ml to distinguish in competition use from use taking place well before events
Russian opposition leader Navalny found guilty of theft
Allowing abortions in cases of fatal foetal abnormalities would be depriving future Special Olympics athletes of being born
Indias Supreme Court orders curb on sales of acid in attempt to reduce attacks on women
Sorry is not enough: Bolivia demands EU find culprits behind aerial hijack
Indian principal on the run after 22 students die from school lunches
A Malaysian couple known for a sexually explicit blog have been charged with sedition after they caused outrage by posting a Ramadan greeting on Facebook which showed them eating pork.
More Dubai Injustice: Man who uploaded government official assault video arrested
Russian protest leader guilty of embezzlement: Judge finds Alexei Navalny, a critic of Vladimir Putin, guilty of colluding to steal $500000 from a timber company. Navalny had always claimed the trial was political to try to stop his rise in popularity and his challenging of Putin for political power
Canadian gore website owner charged with corrupting morals for hosting dismemberment video
Tunisia: Artists targeted for offending morals Artists in Tunisia are increasingly finding themselves in the dock for offending morals as Islamist influence grows, it seems.
Taliban writes a letter to Malala Yousafzai explaining why they shot her in the head
Asian arrested for putting up video of Dubai man beating Indian
Iraqi Man moves to Australia, uses the welfare system as income. Becomes successful, writes a check to the Australian Government for every cent he was given. [X-Post from r/News]
Britains Former Top Spy Threatens To Expose The Dodgy Dossier Used To Push Iraq War
Al Qaeda militants flee Iraqs Abu Ghraib jail in violent mass break-out: The number of escaped inmates has reached 500, most of them were convicted senior members of al Qaeda and had received death sentences
Norwegian Marte Deborah Dalelven is pardoned by the Emir of Dubai and can go home, said Foreign Ministry.
Its a law FOR women, not against Muslims: France forced to defend ban on Islamic veil after violence
Cannabis plants spring up all over German town after campaigners plant thousands of seeds in protest against the demonisation of the drug
Yes, thats a photo of the pope carrying his own bag by carrying his own bag, Francis is seeking to demonstrate humility and a closer connection to regular Catholics, as well as signaling to other Vatican officials that they could stand to behave a bit less like royalty and more like priests
We have two or three times the amount of food right now that is needed to feed the number of people in the world, the problem is distribution.
Pornography filters in every UK household. ISPs will contact users who must declare whether they want to maintain access to online pornography. Simulated rape scenes also become illegal.
First tourists arrested in Russia for gay propaganda
Israeli and Palestinian bands unite in metal brotherhood. Joint 18-gig tour by Orphaned Land and Khalas will take message of coexistence through rocknroll across Europe
Spain privatized sun, its forbidden to generate power for consumption
437% increase deforestation of the Amazon, 114 square miles (184 km) in just one month. For comparisson, Manhattan has just 22.96 square miles. From August 2012 to June 2013, forest degradation accumulated in 908 square miles.
Japans top animation director, Hayao Miyazaki, speaks out against constitutional amendment.
Doctors Without Borders: Price of vaccines has increased 2700% in the last decade
Leaked Pakistani report confirms high civilian death toll in CIA drone strikes
Bombing of the Great Barrier Reef by US May be Astonishing to Some, but to Queensland Activists Opposed to War Games, its Just Latest in Series of Grievances - The marine park was rezoned in 2003 to allow military training area.
SIM Cards Have Finally Been Hacked, And The Flaw Could Affect Millions Of Phones
A trove of 44 WWI german U-boats has been found off the coast of the United Kingdom
European Union Adds Hezbollah to Terror List
Turkish court gives green light to destruction of Gezi Park
Recognizing same-sex unions brings us closer to apocalypse - Head of Russian Orthodox Church: This is a very dangerous apocalyptic symptom. We face enormous temptations when countries start approving sin and codifying it into law in order to justify it
Arundhati Roy on Obamas Wars, India and Why Democracy Is The Biggest Scam in the World
UK inequality rising more quickly than under Thatcher
Disgruntled man attempts to kill 50 students by mixing rat poision in their meal, in India
New Zealand Government About To Legalize Spying On NZ Citizens
US secretary of state threatens Venezuela over Snowden asylum. A report published earlier this week by Spanish newspaper ABC details a series of heavy-handed threats leveled by US Secretary of State John Kerry against the government of Venezuela.
I request you, whether you are in the developing world or the developed, to treat corruption at par with war, and terror. -Anonymous
David Cameron retreats in war on internet porn
KFCs ice cubes are 12 times dirtier than toilet water, says Chinas official media
Mexico could legalize marijuana in five years
The UK wants to ban packed lunches. Its a step too far
Source: Obama to move forward with plan to arm Syrian rebels
Hitler did not kill enough - French politician in trouble for suggesting the Nazis did not exterminate enough Gypsies
Dolphins call each other by name
Bomb found at planned Pope Francis visit site in Brazil
Edward Snowden hopes to be granted papers allowing him to escape airport. His lawyer Anatoly Kucherena has said the fugitive American leaker hopes to soon receive papers that would allow him to leave Sheremetyevo Airport in Moscow.
Passengers push 32-ton train to help free woman stuck in gap between train and platform in Tokyo
Whistleblower claims asylum seekers in Manus Island detention centre have been raped and abused with full knowledge of staff, days after the Australian Government announced that all who arrive in Australia by boat would be sent there for processing and possible settlement.
Russias Anti-Gay Crackdown: Vladimir Putin has declared war on homosexuals. So far, the world has mostly been silent.
Finland Writes History With Crowdsourced Copyright Law -- Finland is the first country in the world in which Parliament will vote on a fairer copyright law that has been crowdsourced by the public
Tokyo Electric Power Company admits Fukushima leaking radioactive water into Pacific Ocean
Depleted uranium used by US forces blamed for birth defects and cancer in Iraq
The other side of the popes visit to Brazil: police violence and repression against protesters and journalists in Rio. Police beats AFP photographer and takes unconscious man in custody.
Shipwreck company finds $36M of silver in WWII wreck on seafloor
Goldman Sachs in spotlight over aluminium price-hike scandal
Germany launches probe into US spying ties
Insolvent Spain Forced To Borrow From Social Security Fund To Pay Pensions
The growing body of counter-terrorism legislation is having a direct impact on humanitarian action, restricting funding, stalling project implementation and resulting in an increased climate of self-censorship by aid workers, according to an independent study.
Former head of MI6 threatens to expose secrets of Iraq dodgy dossier
Pope Francis scolds rich in visit to muddy Brazilian slum: Everybody, according to his or her particular opportunities and responsibilities, should be able to make a personal contribution to putting an end to so many social injustices
WikiLeaks Founder Assange to Run for Australian Senate
Australian billionaire gets approval to build worlds largest dinosaur park
MP behind UK internet porn filter hacked, accuses blogger who reported it -- It became disturbingly clear that MP Perry does not know how hyperlinks, websites, the fundamentals of content distribution works
All internet pornography should be preemptively blocked in Canada, says Conservative MP Joy Smith of Winnipeg
U.S. Wants Snowden Returned, Not Extradited, Ambassador Says U.S. Ambassador to Russia Michael McFaul said that Washington wants fugitive intelligence leaker Edward Snowden returned to the United States and not extradited
The train driver recognised that he was driving at 190 KM/H, while the speed limit in that curve is 80 KM/H. More than 80 dead in the spanish train accident.
Spain high-speed train crashes near Santiago de Compostela
Church of England announces plans to force money lenders out of business - by offering a superior service through credit unions
Canadian Man Sorry for Chugging Eight Beers and Swimming to Detroit
Secular Tunisian opposition leader Mohamed Elibrahmi shot dead. Spontaneous protests have broken out across capital Tunis
Yemeni president pardons reporter Obama wanted kept in jail
The United States has expressed disappointment in the release of a Yemeni journalist who rights groups say was detained because of his reporting on al-Qaida and alleged U.S. complicity in attacks in Yemen
South African man to stand trial on a 122 charges which includes raping 34 minors and attempted murder through HIV infection
Irish communications minister opposes porn block in fear imposing censorship
Of the worlds seven billion people, six billion have mobile phones. However, only 4.5 billion have access to toilets or latrines  meaning that 2.5 billion people, mostly in rural areas, do not have proper sanitation. In addition, 1.1 billion people still defecate in the open
European companies should stop sending data to the US, German privacy officials say
Pope Francis attacks drug legalization in Latin America
Banks and pharmaceutical companies are on a secret list of blue-chip firms that hired private investigators who break the law
Scientists Warn of Overwhelming Costs of Mental Illness: We will be overwhelmed by brain disorders if nothing is done now to boost investment in research. Estimated costs in Britain alone is over $172b a yr. It needs same funding levels as cancer &amp; heart diseases.
Spanish PM Rajoy under fire in media after a condolences message for the train crash victims, that killed 77 people, posted by his office included a paragraph copied and pasted from a statement previously sent to victims of an earthquake in Gansu, China
China to Spend $275 Billion On Clean Air Plan For Beijing
South Africas drug testing shame. Multi national drug companies exploiting the poor and desperate in drug trials: In one instance children as young as six were taken of life saving drugs to act as a control group.
Mohamed Brahmi, Tunisian opposition MP from #SidiBouZid was shot dead today in front of his place on Tunisia Republic Day. 6 months after Chokri Belaids death
Pakistani TV host gives away abandoned babies on show as battle for viewers heats up during Ramadan
The pornography filtering system praised by David Cameron is controlled by the controversial Chinese company Huawei, the BBC has learned.
Putin press secretary: Russia will not extradite Snowden
If You Think The French President Is Stupide, Just Say So: For the first time in 130 years, its now legal to say how you really feel about the French leader
Oxford Dictionary will change the definition of Marriage to include the LGBT Community...
32 German novelists writing an open letter to Chancellor Merkel: Germany is a surveillance society. Google translation in comments.
Desmond Tutu says stop discriminating against gay people: I think its as utterly unjust as racism ever was.
Russia Slams U.S. Pressure Over Snowden
Senate threatens to sanctions countries that aid Snowden
Police could be forced to axe Big Brother road cameras: Town wins landmark victory over blanket use of number plate spies
UK Porn Filter Will Censor Other Content Too, ISPs Reveal
Bankers shiver as UBS swallows $885 million U.S. fine
Israel freezes co-operation with EU in Palestinian territories
Walmart workers in strike across the entire country...of Chile (Google translation in comments)
BBC News - Elite hacker Barnaby Jack dies ahead of Black Hat event
North Korea: well kill activists launching pro-democracy literature via balloons
The relationship between Christianity and capitalism is complicated, the archbishop of Canterbury said Friday, admitting he was embarrassed by revelations that the Church of England indirectly invested in a payday loan firm he had pledged to put out of business
New Pakistani cartoon superhero Burka Avenger fights for girls rights using martial arts, pens, and books
Attorney General Holder tells Russia US wont seek death penalty for Edward Snowden
Iraq War veterans chilled by countrys slide into civil war
Tourists warned after French woman and her dog are attacked by gang of feral cats
Ousted Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi is being held over allegations of links with Palestinian militants Hamas and plotting attacks on jails in the 2011 uprising, it has been announced.
I have principles: Pussy Riot convict defiant after losing parole battle
Belarus president: US have given an asylum to hundredths of Russian traitors. In place of our Russian friends Id give Snowden a political asylum without worrying much (article in russian media).
Shia Muslims lined up and executed at a fake roadblock
South Africas worst rapist commits suicide - Africa
Edward Snowden has been granted documents that will allow him to leave the Moscow airport where he has been since 23 June
BP is engaged in an aggressive campaign to limit how much it pays for the losses caused by its reckless behavior.
Uruguay: Marijuana legalisation bill approved in the lower house
Ultra-Orthodox Jewish protesters shatter bus windows after female passenger refuses to sit in back
Dont boycott our vodka, youve got the wrong country, say gay Latvians
China invests nearly $300 billion in renewables, part of plan to deal with climate change.
Protesters camp out against UK fracking: This isnt about one place, its about the whole country, and the future of the planet. We have the technology now to use renewable energy. We shouldnt be developing new industries to pollute the planet.
Russian cops allegedly beat and sodomize Olympic construction worker over $600 in back pay
Five Afghan police accidentally killed in US air strike
The controversial GCSB spy bill, which would give the New Zealand Government the legal authority to electronically gather information on its own citizens, has passed its second reading in parliament
Caribbean has lost 80% of its coral reefs in recent years.
French court lifts ban on Monsanto GM corn, much to annoyance of French government
Girls are the worlds forgotten population: 9 facts about child brides complications from pregnancy and childbirth are the No. 1 cause of death for girls age 15 to 19. That means that pregnancy and childbirth kill more girls in the developing world than war, AIDS, tuberculosis or any other cause
UN narcotics body warns Uruguay over marijuana bill: The law would be in complete contravention to the provisions of the international drug treaties to which Uruguay is party
Stephen Harpers border deal imperils Canadian sovereignty.
All passengers on Quantas Flight QF28 have been quarantined after 26 passengers arrived in Sydney vomiting from Chile
Camerons Anti-Porn Program Tells ISPs To Do The Impossible: Only Block Bad Content; Dont Block Good Content
Chilean President is under fire for allowing the countrys counterterrorism legislation to be used against indigenous protesters fighting for ancestral land rights
Mugabe claims victory in Zimbabwe election, opposition claims monumental fraud
United Airlines employee stole and sold luggage form Asiana plane crash
Croissants banned by Syrian rebels because the pastrys crescent shape celebrates European victory over Muslims.
Chinese President Xi Jinping says his government is willing to shelve territorial disputes and carry out joint development in disputed waters.
Uruguays unprecedented proposal to fight organized crime by creating a legal, government-licensed marijuana market was fiercely debated by lawmakers, ruling party counted every vote in hopes of winning passage in the lower house of Congress
Russian Envoy Urges Archaeology Dig in California - Russian &amp; American youths to dig at Fort Ross, a 19th-century Russian settlement. They were considered by local Kashaya tribe better neighbors than the Spanish.
UK priest ready to go to jail in his tax battle for the poor
Germany nixes surveillance pact with US, Britain Germany canceled a Cold War-era surveillance pact with the United States and Britain on Friday in response to revelations by National Security Agency leaker Edward Snowden about those countries alleged electronic eavesdropping operations.
Berthold Beitz, a leading German industrialist who was credited with saving hundreds of Jews during World War II by employing them at the oil fields he managed in Nazi-occupied Poland, a rescue operation later compared to the more popularly known deeds of Oskar Schindler, died July 30. He was 99.
Dozens of CIA Agents on the ground during Benghazi attack. ...agency is going to great lengths to make sure whatever it was doing, remains a secret.
Italys supreme court confirms prison sentence for ex-Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi
Turkish police used water cannons to disperse hundreds of people gathered in Istanbuls Taksim Square in a show of support for a teenager who has been in intensive care for 46 days after being hit by a tear gas canister during the Gezi Park protests.
The new stop-and-search - spot checks near London police stations to hunt for illegal immigrants - Onlookers described their shock at the operations, with one member of the public saying it was akin to Nazi Germany
Swiss to decide on introduction of an unconditional basic income in public vote, mandatory 130,000 signatures have been collected.
US embassy cables released by WikiLeaks show South Korean and US Intelligence Agencies hold a huge trove of evidence of human rights abuses in North Korea, which they havent given to UN investigation.
Germany Ends Cold War Spying Pact With US, Britain
Snowden gets job offer from Russias Facebook (VKontakte). His asylum papers grant him the right to work in Russia
Government of India revokes GlaxoSmithKlines breast cancer drugs patent.
Cops torture Untouchables, parade them naked in India
Founder of leading russian social network Vkontakte is offering Snowden a job
One of Chinas Largest, Most Prominent Media Companies12% owned by a subsidiary of Rupert Murdochs 21st Century FoxRocked by Major Sexual Scandal - Lawsuit alleges Chinese journalist, a onetime DC bureau chief, routinely harassed &amp; assaulted employees.
A mining company has been convicted of desecrating an Aboriginal site in Australias Northern Territory. Mining firm OM Manganese was found guilty on Friday in the first time a company has been successfully prosecuted in Australia for desecration of a sacred site
Crackdown on Everest expeditions from next year after series of incidents including mass brawl on mountain
Drug Resistant Tuberculosis in North Korea Is a Bigger Problem Than Previously Thought A study published this week in PLOS Medicine found that, of those treated for tuberculosis by, an American / South Korean NGO that specializes in patients who relapse, 87 percent tested positive for MDR.
US To Shut Embassies Over Security Fears
Tunisia launches major offensive against Islamist fighters
1,700 Russian websites on strike against new anti-piracy law Over 1,700 websites in the Russian internet have joined an online strike against the new anti-piracy legislation, which came into force on Thursday, allowing pre-trial blocking of web-pages.
U.N. rights chief calls for investigation into Syria massacre: U.N. human rights chief Navi Pillay said on Friday she wanted an independent investigation into an apparent massacre carried out by Syrian opposition forces in the town of Khan al-Assal.
Heat related Drought hits 27m people in China - drinking water shortages for 5.1 million Hunan and Guizhou residents 8/2/13 (x-post /r/StormComing)
Worst heat wave in 140 years hits parts of China; dozens of deaths reported - Level 2 weather emergency declared, a label normally invoked for typhoons and flooding
Im a Pastafarian: Czech man, who claims his religion forces him to wear a sieve on his head, given permission to wear one on his official identity card picture. Officials ruled that turning down Novys request would be a breach of the countrys religious equality laws.
Unsealed confidential British documents reveal that in 1982, German Chancellor Helmut Kohl tried to carry out a plan to reduce the number of Turks living in Germany by 50 percent within four years.
Russia says Obama hurting himself by canceling summit over Snowden
Snowdens Asylum: Its the law, stupid - It should be made clear that Russia has no legal, political or moral duty to turn Snowden over to American authorities.
Unhappy With U.S. Foreign Policy? Pentagon Says You Might Be A High Threat
47,000 people, George Takei sign petition to move Sochi Olympics to Vancouver
Swedish Pirate Party reports IT minister to the police, after she was spotted infringing copyright online on a number of occasions.
Gay Olympians could be kicked out of games by the IOC instead of Russia for speaking out against anti-gay laws
The Pentagon wants to sell 2.7 billion dollars worth of weapons to Iraq, including 681 Stinger anti-aircraft missiles
N.S.A. Sifting Broader Set of Data systematically searching  without warrants  through the contents of Americans communications that cross the border
A Montreal man has been ordered to pay $8,000 to a panhandler after an email he wrote complaining about her presence outside a liquor store was deemed discriminatory by the provinces human rights commission.
Meet Australias Sarah Palin - she doesnt oppose Islam as a country
Glenn Greenwald: Snowden Gave Me 15-20,000 Classified Documents
Russia is Silencing Activists, Journalists ahead of Sochi Games -- HRC has documented government efforts to intimidate those who have investigated abuse of migrant workers, environmental impact of Olympic venus construction, and unfair compensation for people forcibly evicted from their homes
Neonicotinoids are the new DDT killing the natural world
Russia is silencing journalists and human rights groups over human rights abuses on Olympic construction sites...
American Police Want Legal Exemptions From Canadian Law When Inside Canada
If Scotland was independent today, only 18% of Scots would vote to join the UK.
Tesla has delivered the first Model S cars to the first few customers in Europe, in Norway, Switzerland and the Netherlands. Norway could see 800 Model S cars on its roads by the end of 2013.
US involvement in Egypt criticised: Both supporters and opponents of the military see the US as self-interested and hypocritical.
Stunning Maya Sculpture, its Colors Intact, Found in Buried Pyramid - 30 ft long &amp; 6 ft tall, Its one of the most fabulous things Ive ever seen, says archaeologist. It was on a staircase tomb inside a pyramid. Painted red, blue, yellow &amp; green, it depicts 3 men over a mountain spirit.
Al-Qaida currently consists of fewer than 100 leaders, fighters and trainers and few experienced operators
Iranian Plane full of Arms and Ammo Shot Down over Damascus
Germany boosts arms exports to Qatar: German arms exports to the Gulf region are on the rise. Critics say Germany should not be supplying countries with such questionable human rights records.
Furious French farmers are smashing 100,000 eggs each night on roads in a bid to raise the price of an eggs
Suicide bomber kills 29 at policemans funeral in Pakistan
Does Rupert Murdoch own 70% of newspapers in Australia?
Q&amp;A: Edward Snowden Speaks to NY Times. After 9/11 many of the most important news outlets...abdicated their role as a check to power.
Olympic Committee Confirms It Will Punish Athletes Who Support LGBT Rights In Russia
Record-breaking quadruple amputee has $30,000 wheelchair returned to him after it was stolen by thieves
Israel faces deepening isolation, Kerry warns. Kerry has warned Netanyahu in recent weeks that if the current peace talks bear no fruit, Israel may soon face an international delegitimization campaign on steroids.
Hillary Clinton tries to silence Bindi Irwin on population growth
The New Zealand Parliament is about to pass a bill legalizing spying on its citizens - here is the PMs response when questioned about the publics thoughts on it
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange might win a seat in next months Australian election
A white rhino has been shot dead by poachers in one of Kenyas most secure parks, near the capital, Nairobi.
News Law requiring Muslim women to remove burqa to prove their identity to police introduced to West Aust. Parliament
A kick in the teeth:British rail passengers stage protests as fares set to rise by over 9% - Leader says people are condemned to pay the highest prices in Europe for rail travel on clapped-out, overcrowded &amp; unreliable trains.
U.S. deal to sell 36 F-18 to Brazil stumble with recent revelations that the United States collected data on Brazilian Internet communications
Russian official on gays: And their hearts, in case of the automobile accident, should be buried in the ground or burned as unsuitable for the continuation of life.
UKs Liberal Democrats propose to ban all petrol and diesel cars from British roads by 2040
Russia Confirms Anti-Gay Law Will Be Enforced at Olympics
Putins Weapon in the War of Images - The Russian president has created an anti-CNN for Western audiences with the international satellite news network Russia Today. With its recipe of smart propaganda, sex appeal &amp; unlimited cash, its outperforming its peers worldwide.
Gunmen kill 44 at Nigeria mosque
Experts estimate that 25,000 to 40,000 elephants are being killed annually by poachers, significantly more than are born each year: Youre never going to stop poaching by just putting new boots in Africa because its a game of whack-a-mole.
Irish Peat Harvesters Discover Worlds Oldest Bog BodyRemains of young adult male found in bog where he was likely sacrificed over 4,000 yrs ago. Lack of calluses shows he was likely a noble. A blow broke an arm, there were deep cuts to his back &amp; his body was marked by wooden stakes.
Senior IOC member raises specter of taking Winter Olympics away from Russia
An entire genus of plants used in Chinese Medicine found to be highly carcinogenic (higher than tobacco smoke)
France opposes Olympics boycott over Russian gay propaganda law
Rockets fired on Eilat, Israel. Residents say seeing Iron Dome counter-rockets intercepting at least one rocket.
Two-thirds of Iranians are under age 35. One-third of those between 16-25 say theyd abandon Iran if they had the chance.
Bahrain expels U.S. teacher for inciting hatred of the royal family
Borno: 63 killed, 26 hospitalised as Boko Haram attacks Ngom, Konduga
An Indian spiritual leader who sparked controversy when he said a gangrape victim could have saved herself by addressing her violators as brothers and asking for mercy, has been charged with raping a minor
PayPal unfreezes $45,000 cancer donation after media enquiries, the wife of the cancer patient previously rang PayPal without success, says she felt helpless
Fukushima leak is much worse than we were led to believe What is the worse is the water leakage everywhere else...It is leaking out from the basements, it is leaking out from the cracks all over the place. Nobody can measure that. It is much worse than we have been led to believe, much worse
Hundreds of childrens bodies piled high after nerve gas attack near Damascus leaves up to 1,300 dead
Julian Assange: Bradley Manning Sentence is an Affront to Basic Concepts of Western Justice
Council of Europe wants to know why Britain ordered Guardian harddisks destroyed and detaining Greenwalds partner, calls it negative impact on freedom of expression in the UK.
Canadian Robber caught after going back to apologize
A Pakistani cleric cut his wife into pieces on Wednesday for refusing to wear a veil and sending their children to school
Julian Assange make a puplic statement on the Manning case: The only just outcome in Mr Mannings case is his unconditional release, compensation for the unlawful treatment he has undergone... Full statement in link
Mubarak is Free
Germany Produces Record-Breaking amount of solar power and even shatters their wind power record. Renewables are doing so well, in fact, that one of Germanys biggest utilities is threatening to migrate to Turkey.
Up to 400 British citizens emigrate every day, causing what one politician says is a disappearance of skilled middle-class professionals
Police brutality reported at UK fracking protests. They tried to provoke a clash when we had no interest in having one.
David Miranda wins partial court victory over data seized by police
Native Canadian women sold on U.S. ships, researcher says - Thunder Bay
An Australian Islamic preacher is under police investigation after he was filmed calling for all Buddhists and Hindus to be killed.
France calls for use of force in Syria if chemical weapons massacre is proved
The detention of David Miranda was an unlawful use of the Terrorism Act - The Act, which I helped introduce, was not passed with people like Miranda in mind. The act was designed to secure lasting peace in Northern Ireland and make it difficult for Irish dissident terrorists to come to the mainland
Gaza: Palestinian Youth Denounce Hamas As Medieval Gangsters
Video: James Kirchick Taken Off Russia Today After Slamming Russias Anti-Gay Law
Israeli Media Reports: Air Raid Sirens Wail in Northern Israel
China arrests Weibo users for inciting public dissatisfaction with the government
Auckland, New Zealand to ban beggars off street
Canadians may be victims of illicit spying
Sherlock Actor Benedict Cumberbatch challenges the British Prime Minister on Goverment Surveillance and the Police State
Orders To Destroy Guardian Hard Drives Came Directly From PM David Cameron
Not a conspiracy anymore
It appears that the UK government is...intentionally leaking harmful information to The Independent and attributing it to others
SOPA 2: the return of the internets grim reaper
Chinese policeman who grabbed an infant and threw her to the ground has been sacked from the force and formally arrested
Ecuador gives up on protecting the rain forest -- oil drilling soon to destroy most biodiverse place on the planet
Colombia more than doubled the size of a huge nature reserve as it fights to protect the Amazon from deforestation
Fukushima operator pleads for international help as radiation crisis deepens
Edward Snowden leaks reveal UKs secret Middle-East web surveillance base - Data-gathering operation is part of a 1bn internet project still being assembled by GCHQ
The first legal abortion in an Irish hospital has been carried out in Dublin, it was confirmed on Friday. The termination was carried out on a woman who had an unviable 18-week pregnancy and whose life was risk at the National Maternity hospital.
Saudi Princess Meshael Alayban posts $5,000,000.00 bail, then skips her California arraignment on human trafficking charges, contending that her Kenyan slave was well paid, well fed, enjoyed spa days and cable television and even had wild shopping sprees.
Israeli Jets Bomb Lebanon In Retaliation For Rocket Attack
Kenya jails Chinese ivory smuggler in landmark ruling. Sentenced to two and a half years in prison on Thursday in a landmark ruling hailed as sending a powerful warning to poachers and smugglers.
Surge in wolf attacks in France prompts call to bring in American hunters, because the French dont know how to kill wolves
Germany Breaks its Own Record for Solar Power Generation
Someone Beat the Vikings Into the North Atlantic by 500 Years - Were not sure who colonised the Faroe Islands, but they got there pretty early
The Real, Terrifying Reason Why British Authorities Detained David Miranda
For some two decades, major German breweries have allegedly been fixing beer prices, according to a media report this week. They now face hundreds of millions of euros in fines.
One of Chinas most well-known civil rights advocates has been formally arrested on charges of disrupting public order, as Beijing cracks down on grassroots efforts to build a civil society that may challenge its rule
UN finds Australia guilty in 150 cases of Human rights abuses.
US gun culture is corrupting the world, Australia ex-deputy PM says after Okla. slaying I am angry cos its corrupting the world, this gun culture of the U.S. The U.S. has chosen the pathway of an illogical policy with regard to guns. They cannot expect not to have any criticism of it worldwide
Syria crisis: Child refugees reach one million. The UNs refugee agency and Unicef say a further two million children are displaced within the country
Ten tons of dead fish found in lake near Rio de Janeiros 2016 Olympic Park
The News From Fukushima Just Gets Worse, and the Japanese Public Wants Answers
Theresa May attacked for comments on critics of David Mirandas detention - Ex-director of public prosecutions speaks out after home office say opponents of Mirandas detention are condoning terrorism
A campaign has been launched to encourage the World Meteorological Organisation to begin naming hurricanes and other destructive storms after climate change deniers.
New Zealand bans software patents Todays historic legislation will support our innovative technology industry, and sends a clear message to the rest of the world that New Zealand wont tolerate the vexatious practice of patent trolls
Irans parliament has given preliminary approval to a bill requiring the government to sue the U.S. for its involvement in the 1953 coup that overthrew the countrys democratically elected prime minister.
Existence of new element confirmed
Strike on Syria Would Cause One on Israel, Iran Declares
Syrian President: This is nonsense. First they level the accusations, and only then they start collecting evidence.
Castro Denies That Cuba Refuses To Accept Snowden, He Admires Snowdens Actions
Syria challenges West to offer proof of chemical weapons use
PM: Poland will not join strikes on Syria
For the first time, the combined GDP of poor nations is greater than the rich ones
Syria says terrorists will strike Europe with chemical weapons
Jordan: No attack on Syria from our soil
Apple Tries to Trademark the Word Startup
Exclusive Glenn Greenwald Interview: I Wont Be Kept Out of My Country for Doing Journalism!
Syrian Electronic Army takes down New York Times website
Currency Spikes at 4 P.M. in London Provide Rigging Of Stock Market Clues distorting the value of trillions of dollars of investments in funds that track global indexes. Bloomberg News reported
Iranian Official: Israel to Be First Victim of U.S. Attack on Syria
Painting of Vladimir Putin in womens underwear seized by Russian police
N. Korea sees bright future in tourism
Pope Francis has phoned an Argentine woman to comfort her and tell her she is not alone after she wrote a letter to him saying she was raped by a policeman.
Russia: Paintings of Officials Are Seized by the Police.The police seized a painting of the president and prime minister in womens underwear from an art gallery in St. Petersburg, saying the display had broken unspecified laws.
Japan formally raises Fukushima water leak to INES Level 3 incident
Excorcist arrested claiming penis purge ghosts inside women
Angela Merkel: Greece should never have been allowed in the euro
Taliban attack under way on Polish base in east Afghanistan
Saudi Arabias cabinet has passed a ban on domestic violence and other forms of abuse against women for the first time in the Kingdoms history. The cabinet approved a ban on physical or sexual violence earlier this week, which applies both at home or within the work place.
Man turns his phone number into a premium number. Makes money off of telemarketers calling him.
Russia is sending an anti-submarine ship and a missile cruiser to the Mediterranean as Western powers prepare for possible strikes against Syria
WikiLeaks raises $12,000 in Bitcoin for Edward Snowdens defense
Fukushima leak upgraded to Level 3 severity, leaking 300 tons of radioactive water into the ocean.
Kim Jong-Uns ex is executed by firing squad.
David Cameron backed down and agreed to delay a military attack on Syria following a growing revolt over the UKs rushed response to the crisis on Wednesday night.
Legalize/Decriminalize Marijuana, Canadians Say: A survey found that 69% either want to see marijuana legalized, taxed, and regulated or see the possession of small amounts decriminalized.
Christianity is dying in England, and in France Catholic priests are only preaching to pensioners -- In France, almost two-thirds of youth said they belonged to no religion and very few people, just an estimated one in 20, regularly attend Mass
Syria asks UN to immediately investigate three new chemical attacks by rebels
US Judge Rejects BPs Latest Request to Stop Payments from its Multibillion-Dollar Settlement with Victims of the 2010 Gulf of Mexico Oil Spill - Were pleased the court relied on actual facts &amp; evidence in reaching its conclusion &amp; not the unsupported hyperbole &amp; speculation propagated by BP.
Untouchable girl kidnapped and repeatedly gang-raped in a car by the sons of influential persons with a warning that if she did not return to them every 10 days, her parents would be killed.
Syrias ambassador to the United Nations, Bashar Jaafari, added a new level of complexity to the issue on Wednesday, announcing that he had submitted evidence of three previously unreported instances of chemical weapons use in Syria, which he asserted had been carried out by Syrian insurgents.
Christians, other minorities in Syria fear ethnic cleansing - Syrian rebels, who are mostly Sunni Muslims, have repeatedly shelled Christian neighborhoods in the city
Protesters gather outside Downing Street to oppose Syria intervention
Undercover at the Tar Sands: What Its Really Like Working for Big Oil - An anonymous worker reveals conditions at ground zero for Canadas controversial pipelines
New Zealands Intelligence will not be charged for illegally spying on Kim Dotcom because they didnt mean to break the law.
Scientists claim they have discovered fossilized algae inside meteorite hinting at proof of alien life.
Mini volcano pops up in Rome.
Five years since Lehmans collapse the unthinkable has become reality; Our systems of governance have yet to properly address these previously unthinkable outcomes and their profound implications for current and future generations
Irans Revolutionary Guards chief said a U.S. military attack on Syria would lead to the imminent destruction of Israel and would prove a second Vietnam for America, according to an Iranian news agency.
Armies of Kurdish women are taking on Syrias Islamists -- and winning
Woman in Pakistan sentenced to death for taking a sip of water
In Rush to Strike Syria, U.S. Tried to Derail U.N. Probe: Dismissed the U.N. investigation as coming too late to obtain valid evidence
Panama: North Korea arms shipment broke UN sanctions - Weapons on freighter seized after leaving Cuba were without a doubt being traded in breach of embargo, ministry says
Romanian government changes environment law to allow Canadian mining company to start building the biggest cyanide gold mine in Europe wiping out from the face of the earth 4 mountains, ancient roman galleries and forcing people to move from their home. Protests start all over the country.
She did it! Diana Nyad, 64, completes 103 mile Cuba-to-Florida swim after 5 attempts
CIA files prove US helped Saddam Hussein as he gassed Iran
Lenovo chief shares $3.25 million of bonus with staff -- Most are hourly manufacturing workers. As you can imagine, an extra $300 in a manufacturing environment in China does make an impact, especially to employees supporting families
Russias early radars detect launch of two ballistic rockets in Mediterranean  Defense Ministry
More and More Journalists Are Being Kidnapped in Syria
Russia Issues Travel Warning About United States
Syrian president Bashar Assad challenges U.S. and France to publicly show proof of chemical weapons use
Obama To Meet With LGBT Activists While In Russia: After canceling a bilateral summit with Russian President Vladimir Putin while there for the G20 summit, Obama may anger the Kremlin further by meeting with Russian activists  including from LGBT groups
Its natural - Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd argues in favour of same-sex marriage on national television
Swiss banks say theyre sorry for assisting tax cheats
2 most wanted poachers were among 7 people arrested by Kenya Wildlife Service in Tsavo conservation area over the weekend. They were found with 200 snares. The wanted suspects were also found in possession of poisoned arrows and game meat.
Vietnam just banned doing pretty much anything online
Israel says carried out joint missile test with U.S. in the Mediterranean
Brazilian government plans national anti-snooping email system
France release videos of Sarin Gas attack in Syria [www.defense.gouv.fr]
Amid the tempest over Syrian chemical weapons, an irony stands out. After two decades of bloody struggle between the West and al-Qaedas global jihadist franchise, those bitter adversaries suddenly find themselves fighting on the same side.
France declassifies a report about chemical attacks. Assad threaten France.
Market Tumbles After Russian Report Of Missile Launches
Egypt shuts down four TV stations including Al-Jazeera
Top-secret U.S. intelligence files show new levels of distrust of Pakistan
U.S. intelligence agencies spend millions to hunt for insider threats, Snowden document shows -- individuals with connections to al-Qaeda and other hostile groups have repeatedly sought to obtain jobs in the intelligence community
Seoul says N. Korean nuclear program real threat
Canada has given $5.3-million to the Syrian opposition to support the rebels in anti-government propaganda since April 2012, according to the Department of Foreign Affairs (DFAIT).
Mystery solved: Israel declares successfully launched the missiles in the mediterranean today
All major commercial TV networks in Australia refusing to air ad critical of Murdochs biased coverage of the election.
Putin: The problem is not that were defending Snowden. Were not. The problem is that we dont have a mutual extradition treaty with the US. They refused to sign such a treaty. And they dont extradite our criminalswho have tortured people, trafficked people, whose hands are covered in blood
Sweden grants blanket asylum to Syrian refugees. All Syrian asylum seekers who apply for asylum in Sweden will get it
Putin accused Secretary of State Kerry of lying after Kerry denied Al-Qaeda existence in Syria. He lies and he knows he lies. Its pretty sad.
In lieu of military intervention, Britain vows to lead the world in providing humanitarian aid for Syrian refugees
Radiation Levels At Fukushima Soar By Over 20% In Three Days, Hit 2,200 mSv And Rising
Vladimir Putin calls Edward Snowden a strange guy
China now has a higher rate of Diabetes than the United States with 114 million diabetics.
Putin warns US against Syria military action: We have our ideas about what we will do and how we will do it in case the situation develops toward the use of force or otherwise. We have our plans.
Facebook considers adding peoples Facebook photos to facial recognition database.
More than 300,000 attempts were made to access pornographic websites at the Houses of Parliament in the past year, official records suggest.
The area of the Amazon where Ecuador plans to drill for oil contains a much higher density of jaguars than anywhere else on the planet
Obama wins support for limited strike in Syria. Vote expected next week.
Syrian Electronic Army revealed: Anonymous hacks SEA website, dumps data. After claims that Syrian regime used chemical weapons on its own population, Anonymous struck, revealing personal information of key members within the Syrian Electronic Army.
David Cameron rules out any future military action in Syria
The Vatican is ramping up its opposition to threatened military strikes against Syria as it draws attention to Pope Francis plans to host a day of fasting and prayer for peace this weekend.
We all thought Libya had moved on  it has, but into lawlessness and ruin
Putin: Russia can support Syria strike if proven that Assad used chemical weapons
80,000 South African gold miners go on strike
Hands off: Syrians form human shields outside possible US strike targets, say they are ready to die when bombs start falling.
Oldest Known Land Animal from Gondwana found in South Africa: a 350-million-year-old fossilized scorpion
Japanese Government Will Bankroll a Giant Ice Wall at Fukushima
Obama says U.S. credibility on the line in Syria response: My credibility is not on the line. The international communitys credibility is on the line. And America and Congress credibility is on the line, because we give lip service to the notion that these international norms are important.
First CIA-trained Syrian rebel unit about to join fighting against Assad regime, says Obama
UN Chief Discourages Further Militarization of Syria Conflict
36 hours before the Australian election and in the middle of an advertising blackout, the party in the lead declares they will filter the internet by default.
Jurassic Park Emerges Out of Venezuela Oil - Finds include an armadillo the size of a Volkswagen, crocodile bigger than a bus, saber-toothed tiger, featherless chicken resembling an iguana, &amp; 10 ft pelican. Paleontologists aim to find human fossils. Weve have already found spearheads.
India: 6 year old rape victim has been ordered by a caste council to marry her rapists 8 year old son. During the period of negotiation, the rapist raped the girl again.
Even with 8 times the fresh water of France, Venezuela can not supply clean drinking water because Santeria Witch Doctors keep dumping their sacrificial carcasses in the reservoirs.
Swedish Reporter Asks Obama if Nobel Peace Prize Presents Dilemma When Planning Syria Attack
PayPal freezes funds of Mailpile - a secure mailing solution under development based in Iceland
China joins Russia in opposing military strikes
Reporter tries to cook egg with Londons deathray building  gives up when his hair starts to catch fire
Furious about a report that the U.S. government spied on her private communications, Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff may cancel a planned White House visit and downgrade commercial ties unless she receives a public apology
Russia says its compiled 100-page report blaming Syrian rebels for a chemical weapons attack
Kerry portrait of Syria rebels at odds with intelligence reports
Mexico City mulls legal marijuana clubs -- The Mexico City council is considering the legalization of cannabis plants and the creation of private marijuana smoking clubs as it mulls controversial legislation to liberalize consumption
Daughter furious after police Taser her 80-year-old mother
Russia releases key findings on chemical attack near Aleppo indicating similarity with rebel-made weapons
Russian president signals he will take action if America strikes at Assad
Syria rebels linked to al-Qaeda target Christian village
Proposed Russian Law Takes Children From Gay Parents
Syrian Rebels Attack Christian Village
Pope Francis writes letter to President Putin of Russia ahead of G20 summit about Syria: I make a heartfelt appeal for them to help find ways to overcome the conflicting positions and to lay aside the futile pursuit of a military solution
Russians send official request to meet with U.S. Congress  CNN Political Ticker
LSD may actually be good for you, says study
U.S. intelligence agencies did not detect the Syrian regime readying a massive chemical weapons attack in the days ahead of the strike, only piecing together what had happened after the fact, U.S. officials say.
Russia warns of catastrophe if Syrian reactor containing radioactive uranium was hit by U.S. strike
US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Wednesday that Russia was a supplier of chemical weapons to Syria
Russia Warns Of Nuclear Disaster If Syria Is Hit
Norway Has More Money Than It Knows What To Do With: Our biggest challenge is that our oil wealth is so huge we run the risk of wasting it on substandard projects that are not profitable enough.
Obamas top aide: We lack irrefutable, beyond-a-reasonable-doubt evidence on Syria
A 58-year-old Uruguayan man who disappeared four months ago in the remote Andes Mountains was found alive on Sunday, after he spent a brutal winter eating rats and raisins to survive, local media reported.
Why Dubais Islamic Austerity is a Sham, Couples who publicaly kiss are jailed yet the state turns a blind eye to 30,000 imported prostitutes
Obama Administration Denies AP Requests For Syria Evidence
Saddam used chemical weapons on Iran with no hullabaloo from the West - Ex British Foreign Secretary
Russia urges Assad to give up chemical weapons
France strengthens separation of Church and State by unveiling a charter of 15 rules to uphold secularism, that will be displayed in every school in the country
Obama Is Going To Struggle To Even Get 100 Syria Votes in The House
First Detection of Water Ice on Saturn by Cassini Spacecraft
Al Nusra Front Rebels Start Killing Syrian Christians After Retaking Village From Government Forces
The Chinese dissident whom Yahoo helped put in prison eight years ago is finally a free man.
Fantastico to reveal latest Snowden leak - US government spied on Brazilian oil giant Petrobas
Syria chemical weapons attack not ordered by Assad, says German secret service
ATMs that allow you to exchange cash for Bitcoins coming to Canada this fall. 5 Bitcoin kiosks, similar to ATMs, are coming to Canada, with the first machine expected to land in Vancouver in early October.
Assad Tells PBS Charlie Rose Syria Prepared to Retaliate if Hit
The U.S. government tapped into computer networks of companies including Google Inc. and Brazilian state-run oil firm Petroleo Brasileiro SA, according to leaked U.S. documents
Sudanese woman Amira Osman Hamed refuses to cover her head, faces flogging
Afghan authorities slam NATO after drone strike kills 16 civilians
Public concerned over growing use of Tasers by police in UK
US planning three days of Syria attacks
Al Qaida fighters among rebels who seize Christian village in Syria
German intelligence indicates Syrian government forces may have carried out a chemical weapons attack without the permission of President Assad
Confidential documents have revealed the formidable lobbying operation waged by tobacco giant Philip Morris seeking to undermine efforts to make cigarettes less attractive to children and women, and force packs to carry larger health warnings.
Russia to push Syria to surrender chemical weapons
Syria accepts Russian chemical weapons proposal
Government scientist leaks photos of bitumen oil spill in Alberta lake. A million litres of bitumen have so far leaked into the surrounding environment, with 2,400 litres seeping in every day.
The Pakistani women who risk death every day to vaccinate children against polio; I continued after my niece was shot. We all die one day, so why not as a brave person?
According to leaked diplomatic correspondence, Iran has been warning Washington since July 2012 that Sunni rebel fighters have acquired chemical weapons, and called on the US to send an immediate and serious warning to rebel groups not to use them.
People in Wales will be presumed to have agreed for their organs to be donated after death from December 2015.
Syria welcomes Russian chemical arms arsenal proposal
Netherlands Close Prisons Due To Lack Of Criminals
White House  Not U.S. Intelligence Agencies  Prepared Report about Syrian CW Attack on August 21
Police Officer Gang-Raped Escorting Dead Sister in India
Egypt bans 55,000 mosque preachers in crackdown on Islamists
Report: CIA believes Israel acquired chemical weapons decades ago
Romanian gold rush cancelled as protesters defeat Europes biggest mine
Indian court convicts 4 men in fatal gang rape of woman on New Delhi bus. The men, convicted on all the counts against them, including rape and murder, now face the possibility of hanging
Iraq closes airport in second largest city, no explanation
Man found after 4 months lost living in a cave in Andes mountains was evading police warrant for child molestation.
Speaker Of Syrian Parliament Urges Boehner To Help Prevent U.S. Military Strike
Centre-right wins Norway election
In a rapid and remarkable chain of events, Syria welcomed the idea of turning over all of its chemical weapons for destruction on Monday,
Mexico, beset by obesity and diabetes, to consider a tax on soft drinks
John Kerry tells Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov his comments about Syria averting a U.S. military strike by turning over its chemical weapons were rhetorical and not meant to be a proposal
Syria welcomes Russias proposal to hand over its chemical weapons
A 500-Yr-Old Bank in Italy is Teetering &amp; Threatens to Take the Rest of the Countrys Financial System with it - Compared to the wreckage in Cyprus, Ireland, Portugal &amp; Spain, Italian lenders have gotten off relatively lightly. Until now.
22-year-old protester dies in Turkey protests
Syrian Parliament Letter To The US Congress
International experts have strong proof images of chemical victims fabricated  Russian Foreign Ministry reports.
Woah - enough water found underground in Kenya to supply whole country for 70 years. Big implications for East Africa
Snowden Nominated for Freedom of Thought Prize Members of the European Parliament are officially nominating fugitive US leaker Edward Snowden for a prize celebrating freedom of thought, a parliamentary representative said Wednesday.
A brutal rape case has pushed the citizens of India past the point of blissflul ignorance to outrage
Thanks to a combination of wind, solar, and nuclear power, Germany is producing so much energy that generating companies need to pay customers to take their surplus power.
NASA will begin producing its own food in orbit for the first time ever -- The lettuce will be grown under bright-pink LED lights, ready to harvest after just 28 days.
Body doubles in China: Rich pay poor to serve prison sentences
89% Pakistanis say suicide bombing is never justified: PEW report
British parliament debating a bill that proposes mandatory service - charitable or miliitary - for 18-to-26-year-olds.
The food the world wastes accounts for more greenhouse gas emissions than any country except for China and the US. Every year about a third of all food for human consumption, around 1.3 billion tons, is wasted, along with all the energy, water and chemicals needed to produce it and dispose of it
German support for small business has kept its economy thriving as the rest of Europe languishes in recession (x-post from r/economics)
The Chinese education ministry tries to ban homework-- The ministrys proposed guidelines, would ban written homework for any child up to the age of 12, and ban exams for children up to the age of nine.
North and South Korea have agreed to re-open the Kaesong joint industrial zone next week, officials in Seoul say.
Confirmed: Greenland reached hottest temperature in modern record this summer
Spanish Catalonia to press independence bid with a 400 Km human chain
Crude that exploded in Quebec train wreck was mislabelled in North Dakota:Canadian transportation investigators have alerted U.S. regulators that the train of North Dakota crude that unleashed a deadly fireball in Lac-Mgantic contained explosive oil that was improperly labelled
Russia to renew offer to supply S-300s to Iran
For six years, a Yahoo forum had been used to essentially traffic dozens of children adopted from across the world after their new parents grew tired of them. When Reuters uncovered the practice, Facebook neglected to shut down a similar group, claiming it is a method of problem solving.
Syrian warplanes bomb rebel suburbs of Damascus for the first time in 3 weeks, in an offensive that opposition activists say shows Assad no longer fears attack by the US
Once touted as an economic miracle, faltering India cannot provide jobs for millions of university graduates. Meanwhile, employers complain they dont have the skills anyway.
Hello, Michele, its Pope Francis. The Pope is surprising the faithful by randomly calling those who write him letters.
Muslim clerics issue fatwa banning photography as un-Islamic
Russia Says UN Resolution Proposal Unacceptable
Woman In Sudan Refuses To Wear Hijab, Faces Flogging
Land of the Tomb Raiders: Real-life vampires, giant rock vaginas, ancient sites to rival Greece &amp; Rome  Bulgarias archaeologists are trying to stop the mafia stealing its treasures. Bulgaria is trying to claw back thousands of ancient artifacts plundered in 25m-a-yr export racket.
Australia Under New Management. Fundamentally, Abbott proposes to turn the clock back 30 years on environmental protection.
Malawi will use $15m from the sale of the countrys presidential jet to feed the poor and grow crops to fight malnutrition
Indian court sentenced four men to death for gang raping and murdering a student in the capital Delhi
Baby elephant in China rejected by mom wept inconsolably
I hope Putin has taken adequate protections. Now that he is a Russian journalist his life may be in grave danger! - Garry Kasparov
Fukushima not under control, says TEPCO official
US consulate attacked by Taliban
The Honduran govt has granted more than 7% of its territory to the indigenous Miskito communities who live on the land, an initiative intended to help them protect their forests. It represents an acknowledgment of the rights of the most neglected citizens in one of the hemispheres poorest countries
Assad: Israel should be first to disarm
Russia warns of catastrophe if N.Korea restarts reactor
Steam seen at Fukushima nuclear reactor - Vapour has begun rising again from a reactor at the Fukushima nuclear power plant, more than two-and-a-half years after its core melted down
Al Qaeda calls for attacks inside United States
Pope Francis, then Jorge Bergoglio, ran secret network to save dissidents, while a military-backed dictatorship in Argentina was conducting a clandestine war
Syria Massacre? Nusra Front Fighters Reportedly Kill Women, Children, Elderly Men In Alawite Village (x-post)
Nine men accused of a range of sexual offences against a teenage girl have walked free from court after the cases against them were dropped because of Twitter evidence
The war in Syria has reached the point where a person can be mercilessly killed in front of hundreds of peoplewho enjoy the spectacle.
Russia to expand Mediterranean fleet to 10 warships  Navy chief
Ugandan girl serves six-hour jail term for killing rapist father
British Banks Going Consumer Friendly1 thing that keeps people from switching banks is that its a pain. Starting Monday, customers can switch banks within 7 business days. Banks must handle moving accounts &amp; make sure automatic bill payments &amp; transfers are shifted to customers new bank.
Spacemen flew blind from space station as sensors failed - The three crew of the International Space Station (ISS) who returned to Earth this week endured a hair-raising descent after their height sensors failed.
UK statistics show 56,257 people were detained under counter-terrorism powers at Britains ports and airports in one year
A South Korean man who was abducted by North Korea 41 years ago has managed to return home, officials in Seoul say.
Ireland and other countries that colluded with the kidnapping and torture of terror suspects by the CIA must investigate and atone for their actions, the Council of Europes human rights chief has said. [re-post r/IrishNews]
More than 250 people are arrested in Chile after protesters marking the 40th anniversary of the 1973 military coup clash with police.
Jordanian MP fires AK-47 at colleague in parliament
Assad: Well give up chemical weapons once U.S. stops arming rebels - Middle East Israel News
Turkey shot down Syrian helicopter at border
Kerry and McCains favorite Syria expert fired for faking credentials
NSA possibly involved in major Belgian telecom hack
Top North Korean officials daughter defects
Israel has 80 nuclear warheads, can make 115 to 190 more, report says
The NSA has been widely monitoring international banking and credit card transactions, a new report says referencing Edward Snowdens leak
Rallies Across Canada Ask Canadians to Stand Up for Science: A national non-partisan group comprised largely of scientists, journalists and citizens is asking the govt to reverse what it sees as disconcerting trends in how science has been treated in Canada since Conservatives took power in 2006
Canadian scientists protest against government censorship - Rules bar government researchers from talking about their own work with journalists and even fellow researchers
New Australian Prime Minister unveils new Cabinet: No ministers for Science, Early Childhood, Energy, Disability, Climate, Mental Health, Youth, Status of Women and Aged Care. Border Protection added to Immigration
Turkey confirms Syrian rebels with Al Qaida ties sought chemical weapons
Veils are not appropriate in classrooms or airport security, says Nick Clegg
Syria: nearly half rebel fighters are jihadists or hardline Islamists, says IHS Janes report
Murdoch Newspapers Wage co-ordinated international campaign of Climate Warming Denial
Inside the mind of NSA chief Gen Keith Alexander; A lavish Star Trek set he had built as part of his Information Dominance Center is endlessly revealing
Mexico really mad at Canada for imposing travel visas - Canada has the most stringent visa system for Mexicans of any country in the world
Former NSA and CIA director says terrorists love using Gmail
Discovery of Russian spy in Canadian navy set off sabotage fears.
Faced with being swamped by the ocean, Pacific state looks to become worlds first floating nation
[NSA] Court documents released this week show that after its first three years of operation, the best the intelligence establishment could show the judge overseeing the program was that it had led to opening three new preliminary investigations
Israel quietly treats wounded Syrians
Elephant angels take up crusade to destroy Hong Kong tusk stockpile. Two young girls are leading a renewed call for Hong Kong to destroy its massive stockpile of illegally poached elephant tusks. (via South China Morning Post).
First Mexican openly gay mayor inaugurated in the city of Fresnillo
Church of England has up to 10m invested in arms firm
Outrage grows in Pakistan over rape of 5-year-old
Russian Journalist Threatens to Out Closeted Politicians
Professor Stephen Hawking backs assisted suicide
Edward Snowden is in the running for a European human rights prize Sakharov Prize for freedom of thought, whose past winners include Nelson Mandela and Myanmar opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi.
UN report confirms sarin gas use in Syria
Sugar is addictive and the most dangerous drug of the times: Soft drinks should carry tobacco-style warnings that sugar is highly addictive and dangerous, a senior Dutch health official has warned.
Angry entrepreneur replies to patent troll with racketeering lawsuit
Eiji Toyoda, engineer who steered Toyota to global lead, dead at 100
Thailands cure for meth addiction? A leafy jungle stimulant - Seen as an emerging threat in the US, Kratom could wean addicts off meth, Thailands justice minister argues.
Brazil Aims to Break from US-Centric Internet Because of Washingtons Spying - Many fear this is a potentially dangerous 1st step toward politically fracturing a global network built with minimal interference by govts.
Guardian Story on Israel and N.S.A. Is Not Surprising Enough to Cover
War crimes blamed on the Syrian opposition are predominantly being carried out by foreign fighters
Londons underground tube cleaners refuse new measures requiring them to clock-in using fingerprint scanners
The Oil Is Ours  But Its Secrets Are the NSAs. Reported U.S. spying on Brazils Petrobras oil firm revived the controversy over opening up the company, a symbol of Brazilian sovereignty since the 1950s, to foreign investment.
Valentina Tereshkova, 76, first woman in space, seeks one-way ticket to Mars
Inspectors catch Bristol prison officer denying meals to inmate as punishment - Surprise inspection finds HMP Bristol overcrowded, dirty and cockroach-infested with delinquent staff
Romanian Protesters Still Dont Want Gold Companies to Blow Up Their Mountains
A United Nations mandated investigator has spotlighted unspeakable atrocities inflicted on political camp prisoners in North Korea, citing testimony from survivors who saw babies drowned or had to survive by eating lizards.
Tokyo Electric Power Co. said it dumped about 1,130 tons of tainted rainwater Monday into the Pacific Ocean after it accumulated at the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant due to a typhoon.
Cambodian textile workers who supply UK clothing stores starving and suffering mass faintings
Austria gunman kills three including police and takes hostage
Iran opens up Twitter and Facebook
The NSA has hacked telecommunications firm Belgacom, targeting information concerning the principal organs of the EU in Brussels
Japanese media declare dark times are on us: The monthly Sapio has dire fears on that score. Japan, it says, is being swallowed up by a black society.
Supporters rally for the French jeweller who was charged with murdering a fleeing thief.
White House waives arms export rules for Syrian rebels (to send gas masks and hazmat suits)
Report: Iran set to shut down nuclear site in deal with West | JPost
Child beauty contests have been banned in France to stop hyper-sexualisation of young girls. Two years in prison for anyone who tries to organise a pageant.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff cancels october state dinner in US over NSA spying and plans speech on the United Nations to emphasize the need to maintain the neutrality of the internet and the prohibition of using it for espionage
U.S. to seize Manhattan skyscraper secretly owned by Iran
13-year-old Indian girl begins microbiology masters degree
NYT editor on story about NSA giving all its data on Americans to Israel: I didnt think it was a significant or surprising story
An Indian minister jumps into a cold lake along with his guards and saves a family of six trapped in a sinking car
French citizen arrested in Cairo just for breaking the curfew is then beaten to death by his cell mates
David Attenborough: Sending food to famine-ridden countries is barmy. Veteran broadcaster has called for a debate on population control
Daddys Girl: How An African Princess Banked $3 Billion In A Country Whose Citizens Are Living On $2 A Day
Half The Worlds Richest Women Are Chinese
European Parliamentarians Call for SWIFT Suspension Revelations the US is spying on international bank transfers has angered European parliamentarians. Some are calling for the suspension of the SWIFT deal between the EU and US. Washington must make clear where it stands, says one.
Facebook apologizes for dating site ad with photo of Rehtaeh Parsons with meet Canadian girls and women for dating, friendship and relationships. Parsons killed herself after being sexually assaulted then subsequently bullied on Facebook.
A German neo-nazi party has sparked outrage by sending mock one-way airline tickets to politicians with migrant roots, urging them to go home
Brazilian Press Assoc gives Intl Human Rights Prize to Assange, Snowden, Manning, Glenn Greenwald, Swartz &amp; Vanunu
Passenger train collides with bus in Canadas capital Ottawa, at least five people killed
N. Korea in grip of ice plague: new report claims drug producers are finding a ready market closer to home and that as many as two-thirds of North Koreans have used methamphetamines
22 Tons of Fake Beef Seized in China
400 Richest Americans Worth More Than GDP of Canada or Mexico
US can access NZ fingerprint info. in new deal.
Since 1990-91, Australians have enjoyed the longest period of economic expansion unbroken by recession of any developed country ever. That expansion may be coming to an end.
King Willem-Alexander delivered a message to the Dutch people from the government Tuesday in a nationally televised address: the welfare state of the 20th century is gone. In its place a participation society is emerging, in which people must take responsibility for their own future.
Soldiers are developing relationships with their battlefield robots, naming them, assigning genders, and even holding funerals when they are destroyed.
14-year-old rape victim commits suicide in India after being pressured to marry her alleged rapist
Defense Analyst Report: Al-Qaeda-Type, Jihadists Make Up Half of Syrian Rebels
Two guard dogs that protected Prince William on RAF duty are destroyed days after he quits service because they could not be redeployed or re-homed
Irans new president: Yes, the Holocaust happened. Whatever criminality they committed against the Jews we condemn. The taking of human life is contemptible. It makes no difference whether that life is a Jewish life, Christian or Muslim.
A fossil unearthed in China is hailed by scientists as the most significant paleontological discovery in decades.
The Pope Says The World Worships A God Called Money
Stunned mountaineer finds box of treasure containing jewels worth up to 330,000, buried in ice on glacier in Alps.
PressTV - Move the United Nations headquarters out of the United States, Bolivian president says
Revealed: Qatars World Cup slaves - Abuse and exploitation of migrant workers preparing emirate for 2022 World Cup
US puts pressure on India because of their cheap medicine that undercuts big pharma
NSA spied on Indian embassy and UN mission, Edward Snowden files reveal
Qatar World Cup construction will leave 4,000 migrant workers dead Qatars construction frenzy ahead of the 2022 World Cup is on course to cost the lives of at least 4,000 migrant workers before a ball is kicked, the International Trade Union Congress has claimed.
Prominent Mexicans urge government to decriminalize marijuana
NSA spying row: bugging friends is unacceptable, warn Germans.
Atheism to be taught to Irish schoolchildren Up to 16,000 primary school pupils in non-denominational sector will get tuition in atheism, while the rest will be offered courses on the internet and on smartphone apps
62% of Scottish people now feel only Scottish, with only 18% feeling Scottish and British
Nearly one worker is dieing each day at the construction sites of the Fifa world championship stadiums in Qatar
Violent clashes in Greece as thousands march against fascism
Human Rights Watch urges Israel to stop displacing Bedouins
US govt prevented drone strike victims from meeting with Congress, lawyer claims
Hornet Attacks Kill 18 in China - Over 100 people stung by swarms of insects in Angkang city in Shaanxi province. People warned to be vigilant if they go into the woods.
Zimbabwe poachers jailed 15 years for elephant poisoning. A Zimbabwe court on Wednesday sentenced three poachers to at least 15 years in prison each for poisoning and killing 81 elephants, state radio reported.
Bolivian President Plans To Sue The US For Diverting Presidential Planes
For the first time, the UN is allowing Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to use the head-of-state chair
Russia Says Sarin Gas in Aug. 21 Syria Attack was Homemade
Israel on sidelines as world rushes to embrace Irans Rouhani
A 14-year-old rape survivor was allegedly forced to strip at a police station in eastern Uttar Pradesh, India, apparently to prove that she was sexually assaulted.
Human remains found on Costa Concordia
Ex-Microsoft privacy chief: I dont trust Microsoft after NSA revelations, says he was unaware of Prism data-sharing program when he worked there
US leaker Edward Snowden among 3 finalists for EUs top human rights prize
A CEO who resisted NSA spying is out of prison. And he feels vindicated by Snowden leaks.
Age of Unreason: The governments of Britain, Canada and Australia are trying to stamp out scientific dissent.
German writer and NSA-critic is not allowed to enter the US
A superpower has paralyzed itself. The unthinkable has happened. - Europe reacts to US government shutdown
Korean minister blasts Japan for covering up Fukushima radiation leak
Snowden to EU: Whistleblowers need protection, Surveillance of whole populations is one of the greatest challenges facing human rights
Report: Cheaper, purer illegal substances suggest global war on drugs is failing
NYC Accountant Gets 18 Years for Aiding al-Qaida
Siberian tigers making a comeback in China
Peru exports more illegal gold than cocaine, and its the worlds biggest exporter of cocaine
NSA stores metadata of millions of web users for up to a year, secret files show
A kiss between two women gets them arrested in Brazil.
US shutdown has other nations puzzled
NSA spied on Martin Luther King, Muhammad Ali, Protestors of Vietnam War: Operation Minaret
Venezuela kicks out three U.S. diplomats, alleges plot to sabotage economy
Saudi Men Buying Syrian Refugee Children as Brides and Prostitutes
The Indian lawyer for two of the four Delhi gang-rapists sentenced to hang last week has criticised the victims parents for allowing her to go out at night with a boy and claimed he would have burned her alive if she had been his daughter.
NSA May Not Be Collecting Your Location Data From Telco Dragnet... Because It Gets It From Your GPS
Qatar World Cup 2022: 70 Nepalese workers die on building sites Nepal has said that 70 of its migrant workers constructing facilities for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar have died on building sites since the start of 2012.
War on illegal drugs failing: Illegal drugs are cheaper and purer globally than at any time over the last 20 years
Putin nominated for Nobel Peace Prize
Obama, after meeting Israel PM, says no options off the table on Iran
At U.N., Syria compares rebel violence to 9/11 attacks: How can some countries, hit by the same terrorism we are suffering now in Syria, claim to fight terrorism in all parts of the world while supporting it in my country?
Russia stops all adoptions to Sweden due to risk of children getting gay parents.
Swiss to vote on 2,500 franc basic income for every adult - Switzerland will hold a vote on whether to introduce a basic income for all adults, in a further sign of growing public activism over pay inequality since the financial crisis.
Internet freedom on decline worldwide as governments tighten grip - report
UFO crashes into London primary school playground: A very talented parent built the space craft and dressed as forensic detective to help with staging of crash. Later school received letter of apology from aliens stating they accidently crashed into playground whilst sightseeing in London
99% of Kidnappings in Mexico Went Unreported Last Yr - Thanks to fallout from continued crackdown on illegal drugs, its crime ratenumber of crimes per 100 headsis over 34, a near historic high. No wonder Mexicans are more concerned with security than unemployment, inflation, or health.
Five stupid things Dread Pirate Roberts did to get arrested: Everyone thought the shady figure behind the Silk Road website was a criminal mastermind. The reality tells a different story
Gambia withdraws from Commonwealth, rejects membership of neo-colonial institution
Pope Francis: Heads of the Church have often been narcissists, flattered and thrilled by their courtiers. The court is the leprosy of the papacy.
A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced a young man to 10 years in prison and 2,000 lashes for dancing naked on the roof of a car.
We are not an island. We must not think we can be protected from conflicts - President of Germany urges country to play a bigger global role
Thousands of pro-Gaddafi Libyans tortured in secret prisons under new regime.
TEPCO confirms contaminated water may have flowed into the Pacific Ocean in latest radioactive scare at Fukushima
Russias Military Is Back-A million men under arms. Thousands of new tanks and planes. A hundred new satellites. Next-generation weapons. Inside Vladimir Putins $755 billion plan to restore Russian might.
NSA and GCHQ target Tor network that protects anonymity of web users
Japans Fukushima nuclear plant operator says another tank leaked toxic water
FOI file reveals Catholic Church tried to strike agreement with NSW police which would conceal evidence against accused priests
Saudi black op team behind Damascus chemical weapons attack  diplomatic sources
The 12 countries involved in the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade negotiations are now planning to only scrap fishing subsidies that clearly cause overfishing, negotiation sources said Thursday.
Europes Youth Unemployment Crisis In One Grim Map
No threat to Qatars right to host: Fifa will announce Qatar faces no threat to its right to host the 2022 World Cup despite proven bribery, slave labor, extreme heat, and strict Islamist laws
How Snowdens Email Provider Tried To Foil The FBI Using Tiny Font : The Two-Way : NPR
Legendary Vietnam Gen. Vo Nguyen Giap Dies
Mini-skirt ban prompts protest at Hungarian university
Japan to pay $3.1bn to remove US troops from Okinawa, will host spy drones
Lampedusa sinking: Italy mourns up to 300 migrant dead
Who Wants to Be a Russian Billionaire? 35% of Russias entire wealth now in the hands of just 110 people.
Teslas $110,000 Model S is now Norways best-selling car
Alarming mass die-off of starfish in areas along Canadas Pacific coast  Theyve disintegrated, now theres just goo left  Appeared to melt  Single arms clinging to rock faces, tube feet still moving
Taiwan says China will be able to invade in 2020
UN caused deadly cholera in Haiti, covered it up, lawsuit says: Survivors and family members of nearly 700,000 Haitians who have contracted cholera are suing the U.N. for billions of dollars, accusing it of covering up its role in starting the worst outbreak of the deadly disease in modern history.
A Russian court on Tuesday ordered a critic of President Vladimir Putin confined to a psychiatric ward indefinitely over clashes with police at a protest, a ruling likened by rights activists to abuses of psychiatry during the Soviet era to jail dissidents
Half of the $51bn for the 2014 Sochi Olympics, the most expensive ever, is alleged to have disappeared in corrupt building contracts
30,000 year old Brazilian artifacts throw wrench in theory humans first arrived in Americas 12,000 years ago
Another accident at Fukushima. At what point do we need to start paying attention (again)?
U.S. to halt Egypt aid after coup
Virgin auctions: Colombian gangs entrap girls as young as 10 then sell them to the highest bidder
Snowden leaks are a gift to terrorists says UK intelligence chief
The First Global Snapshot Of The Drug War Used Government Data To Prove That Its An Abysmal Failure
Three years in Abu Dhabi jail for father who killed son over bad grades
Canadian Workers Replaced With Temporary Foreign Workers
Dolphin killing town from The Cove is to open a marine park, where you can swim with dolphins, then eat them
Passenger with no flying experience lands airplane after Pilot falls ill mid-flight
Russians being paid to post online in favor of Putin and his allies, attack his opponents.
Iranian citizen-- I could not have dreamt that the Iranian news would broadcast the voice of real people who would say, on camera, that our president has conversed with America
Nobel Chemistry Prize to Martin Karplus, Michael Levitt and Arieh Warshel for developing multiscale models for complex chemical systems
Parliament suspended in France after a drunk male lawmaker makes sexist chicken noises at a female deputy
The first rules on state regulation of the press for more than 300 years will be set out this week after politicians rejected the newspaper industrys plans for self-regulation
Russian President Vladimir Putin voiced his strong willingness on Oct. 8 to resolve a long-running Russo-Japanese territorial dispute and sign a peace treaty with Japan.
Britain arrests four users of Silk Road online marketplace
President Barack Obama said on Tuesday that China had probably taken advantage of his absence from a summit in Asia this week and he warned that the government shutdown and fiscal debate were hurting U.S. credibility abroad.
Azerbaijan accidentally released election results before voting had even started. It showed President Ilham Aliyev winning 73% to the oppositions 7%.
China warns US to stop manufacturing crises and raise debt ceiling - China criticises mind-boggling political infighting over issue of raising Americas $16.7 trillion debt ceiling.
A farmer commits suicide every two days in France, almost 500 in three years
Armed rebels kidnap Libyas prime minister
William Binney is a man on a mission. He spent nearly 30 years as a top executive in Americas super-secret National Security Agency (NSA), now he wants you to know that same spy agency is pushing western democracies -- including Canada -- toward fascism.
Girl slain after alerting police about stalker
Indigenous Woman Gives Birth On Hospital Lawn In Mexico After Doctors Denied Her Care
 Four U.S. whistleblowers who have met with former National Security Agency systems analyst Edward Snowden say he is settling into life in Russia and expresses no regrets about leaking highly classified information.
 Girls in Pakistan see Taliban victim Malala as heroine
I am not sure my son will be returning to the U.S. again - Edward Snowdens Father while Speaking to Russian Press Reporters in Moscow
Israel demands Yatta villagers remove solar panels.
China Passes U.S. As Worlds Biggest Oil Importer
Molotovs, tear gas and a burning bus: The Black Bloc join Rio teacher protest. One local resident couldnt believe what he was seeing. He turned to me and said: Theres got to be another way!
US - press freedom: Journalists complain about the climate of fear under Obama
Government turns unable to seize Bitcoins
Spanish schoolkids fainting from hunger due to government spending cuts: EU Human Rights boss
Azerbaijan President Ilham Aliyev wins third term, opposition claims fraud
Turkey Cracks Down on Cleavage
As dolphin die-off nears record high, shutdown puts investigation on ice
Pakistans Malala Yousafzai wins EU human rights prize
No one at Fukushima seems to have any idea what theyre doing
London Police Order Registrars To Shut Down A Bunch Of Websites Without Any Legal Basis; Threaten Registrars If They Dont Comply
Canadian Alice Munro receives Nobel Prize in litterature
Kidnapped Libyan PM Ali Zeidan released
A team of Japanese researchers has developed a compound to suppress the formation of a protein believed to cause Alzheimers disease, according to a study published Wednesday in a British science journal.
Snowden given award by former CIA agents for taking a stand against abuse of information gathering
$470,000 on wardrobes, $20,000 on a bath tub and $1 million on his garden - A German Catholic bishop has upset a few people with this kind of spending
Skype under investigation in Luxembourg over link to NSA
What the Guardian is doing is important for democracy - On Thursday the Daily Mail described the Guardian as the The paper that helps Britains enemies - Editors of more than 20 newspapers around the world respond to defend The Guardian
Guardian was entirely correct to publish NSA stories, says Vince Cable - Britains Business secretary confirms Deputy PM Nick Clegg is to launch review of oversight of intelligence agencies
Trapped in Qatar: Footballers Describe Nightmarish Treatment Qatar, host of the 2022 WC is spending a lot of money to attract players and coaches. SPIEGEL spent time with a handful who have gone to the emirate and say they are arent getting paid, but have been prevented from leaving the country
German drug firm halts US anesthetic exports after finding it was sent for executions
Richest 1 Percent Hold 46 Percent Of The Worlds Wealth
Stop playing well, theyll know youre not mentally disabled, the inside story of how Spains fake Paralympic basketball team in Sydney 2000 came to be known as the biggest cheats in history.
Media analysts who made frequent appearances during the recent debate over a possible U.S. strike on Syria have ties to defense contractors and other firms with stakes in the outcome
More Saudi women defy driving ban despite clerics warning that it would damage their ovaries
Everyone Is Leaving Rural Scotland Because the Internet Is Too Slow
Tokyo Electric Power Co. said Friday that high radiation levels have been detected near three water storage tanks at the Fukushima No. 1 nuclear plant.
Syrian rebel forces killed as many as 190 civilians and seized more than 200 hostages during a military offensive in August, Human Rights Watch says.
Former Chinese President Hu Jintao is to be tried for alleged Tibetan genocide in Spanish court
Mexicans Dont Want NYC Mayor Bloomberg Harassing Them About Soda Consumption Either - Hes exporting his dietary finger-wagging to Mexico, &amp; it isnt going over well. Hes become a target in the debate over a proposal to impose a 1 peso (8 cent) per liter tax on soft drinks.
Skype under investigation in Luxembourg over link to NSA: Ten years ago, the calling service had a reputation as a tool for evading surveillance but now it is under scrutiny for covertly passing data to government agencies
Wikileaks releases its internal memo and the script of film The Fifth Estate which criticises it
Even worse than Foxconn: Apple rocked by child labour claims
The World Bank: Rejecting The Rule of Law
Iran cancels annual anti Zionism conference
Syrian rebels killed at least 190 civilians and took more than 200 hostage during an offensive in Latakia province in August, Human Rights Watch said on Friday, in what it calls the first evidence of crimes against humanity by opposition forces.
French cop caught on video beating black woman and spraying tear gas in her face committed no infraction, has charges dropped
Destroying for Peace: OPCW, the UNs chemical weapons watchdog, wins Nobel Peace Prize against Malala Yousafzai and other significant individuals
Alzheimers breakthrough hailed as turning point
Not a single byte should leave Germany - Communication giants puts forward plan to combat NSA spies with German-only network hubs
China state media blasts US shutdown, calls for a de-Americanized world
NSA backlash sparks new technology. Anti-surveillance technology created in light of NSA expose
Research finds that giving money to the poor reduces poverty.
CIA asset implicated in 1985 murder of undercover DEA agent in Mexico
Radiation experts confirm polonium on Arafat clothing
Nobody wins African prize for good governance -- for 4th time in 5 years
Former director general of Nobel Peace Prize winner OPCW, on his ousting in 2002: the Bush administration [feared] that chemical weapons inspections in Iraq would conflict with Washingtons rationale for invading it
New York Times says UK tried to get it to hand over Snowden documents
China: U.S. fiscal failure warrants a de-Americanized world
German bishop faces grilling over lavish lifestyle. A German bishop was in Rome on Monday to explain himself to Pope Francis after facing multiple calls to resign over embezzling $42 million in church funds.
3 million Spaniards getting by on just 307 ($416) a month. Spains rich poor divide is now the widest in Europe.
India Seizes Armed Anti-piracy Ship Owned by U.S. Security Firm
GCHQ is probably intercepting legally privileged communications between lawyers and their clients, according to a detailed claim filed on behalf of eight Libyans involved in politically sensitive compensation battles with the UK
The perfect epitaph for establishment journalism: If MI5 warns that this is not in the public interest who am I to disbelieve them?, says the former editor of The Independent
BBC News - Malaysia court rules non-Muslims cannot use the word Allah
In Indonesia, Environmentalists See a Disaster in the Making  Near a palm oil plantation, bulldozers &amp; chainsaws can be heard in what is officially protected forest. With few areas left for expansion, loggers are denuding the land.
Snowden leaks: MI5 chief accused of using foolish self-serving rhetoric - Former DPP Lord Macdonald dismisses Andrew Parkers claim that greater scrutiny would harm intelligence agencies
The 12 Least Ethical Companies In The World: Covalences Ranking
Chinese tourists arrested in Paris after trying to pay for hotel room with coins
Moscow riots follow murder blamed on migrant - Chants of Russia for the Russians and White Power.
IMF eyes tax potential of the worlds super-rich
China surpasses the United States as worlds largest net oil importer
France prepares for war in the Central African Republic
China state media blasts US shutdown, calls for a de-Americanized world ...without striking a viable deal to bring normality to the body politic they brag about, it is perhaps a good time for the befuddled world to start considering building a de-Americanized world,
France finds Church of Scientology guilty of organized fraud despite religious freedom claims
Glenn Greenwald is leaving The Guardian to launch his own news organization, which already has substantial monetary backing
Divers have recovered what may be a 570kg chunk of the space rock that exploded over Chelyabinsk earlier this year. The object is thought to have plunged into Lake Chebarkul leaving a 6m-wide hole in the ice. If confirmed, it would be the largest fragment of the meteorite yet found.
Brazilian judge rules in favour of farmers against Monsanto
Jihadi Work Accident: Two Al-Shabaab Suicide Bombers Planning To Attack World Cup Qualifying Match Accidentally Blow Themselves Up While Preparing Attack
Transparency International calls on German President to intervene after BMW gives almost $1million to politicians who then block law to limit car emissions
End of Swiss bank secrecy, black money information to be shared
Iraq War death toll near 500K, new study estimates
Germanys Bishop of Bling : Pope Francis has summoned a spendthrift German bishop to Rome to answer for his excesses, including a $3 million marble courtyard at his new headquarters with fountains spouting holy water.
Using military-grade helicopters, night-vision equipment and guns fitted with stealth silencers, organized crime syndicates are taking rhino poaching to a whole new level
BP oil spill: Ex-Halliburton manager pleads guilty to destroying evidence
The Canadian Government Is Spying on Behalf of the Energy Industry
Colombian Street Gangs Kidnap Girls and Auction Off Their Virginity
Brazilian government to ditch Microsoft in favour of bespoke email system
Snowden leaks: David Cameron urges committee to investigate Guardian.
Thai Police Are Shocked, Shocked After Rihanna Exposes Their Countrys Sex Shows
Iraq war claimed half a million lives, peer-reviewed medical study finds
93 dead as 7.2 magnitude quake hits Philippine tourist islands
Malala Yousafzai to get honorary Canadian citizenship
GoDaddy Pulls Lavabits Security Creds Because The FBI Got Ahold Of Its Encryption Keys
Dutch diplomat assaulted in Russia
The number of cockroach farms in China is growing
I just want to have a future. Anger in France as Roma girl gets kicked off a bus during a school trip and deported back to Kosovo
Fukushima Industries said Tuesday it was rethinking its Fukuppy mascot, after the Internet erupted in sniggers over a name that recalls the catalogue of mishandling at the Fukushima nuclear plant.
Lavabit comes back online for 96 hours to allow users to download their data. The window is open until 19 October.
Snowden: US would have buried NSA warnings forever. Whistleblower says he shared information with media because he could not trust internal reporting mechanisms
A Taliban Ban on Vaccination Is Exacerbating A Serious Polio Outbreak In Pakistan, Threatening To Derail Dramatic Progress Made This Year Towards Wiping Out The Disease Worldwide.
France rules mayors cannot refuse to marry gay couples
US to sell $10.8 bln in missiles, bombs to Saudis, UAE
Total of 11 car bombs and two suicide bombings killed 66 people in Iraq today
Police in central Greece find 4 year old blond, blue eyed girl living in Roma camp and are now seeking her biological parents.
Scientologys fraud conviction upheld in France... top appeals court has upheld a fraud conviction and fines totalling hundreds of thousands of euros against the Church of Scientology, for taking advantage of vulnerable followers
Canada and Europe sign historic free trade deal
The NSA Revelations Are Destroying IBM Hardware Sales In China
With UN Debit Cards, Syrian Refugees No Longer Depend on Food Rations:The UN World Food Programme will soon distribute Mastercard prepaid debit cards, each loaded with $27, to Syrian refugees in Lebanon so they can buy their own food and boost the local economy.
I do own a driving license, that of my kingdom, - The self-proclaimed King of Germany who has founded his own realm with 3,500 subjects has been sent to jail for using a fake driving license...from his own kingdom
India arrests crew of US ship carrying weapons
UK Orders WSJ to Withhold Names of Implicated LIBOR Manipulators After Story Already Hits Wires
New Kenya mall attack footage shows brutality, horror of assault
Women jailed for miscarrying in El Salvador
Cat Caught Carrying Marijuana Into Moldovan Prison
Saudi Arabia gives up its status of non-permanent UNSC member less than 24 hours after being voted in, saying UN doesnt do anything for conflict resolution
Police in Riot Gear Tear-Gas and Shoot First Nations Coalition Protesting Hydraulic Fracturing in New Brunswick, Canada. 30+ Arrested.
Snowden Says He Took No Secret Files to Russia
Dutch Telcos Used Customer Metadata, Retained To Fight Terrorism, For Everyday Marketing Purposes
Five police cruisers torched, 40 protesters arrested as native anti-fracking rally. (social search of the area)
Pakistan polio outbreak, amid Taliban ban on vaccination, puts global eradication at risk
Saudi Arabia on Friday rejected its freshly-acquired seat on the U.N. Security Council, saying the 15-member body is incapable of resolving world conflicts such as the Syrian civil war.
Dolphins butchered for shark bait in illegal hunt off the coast of Peru
Five police cruisers torched, 40 protesters arrested as native anti-fracking rally turns violent
China smog emergency shuts city of 11 million people. The smog is so bad, You cant see your own fingers in front of you. (Photo Gallery)
Japan will shoot down foreign drones
US officials responsible for the secret CIA drone campaign should stand trial, says Amnesty Intl
Groom gets a year in jail for staging a bomb hoax on his wedding day to avoid bride finding out he had forgotten to book a venue
The Australian Capital Territory legalises same-sex marriage.
US brushes off Frances complaints, says all nations spy
Nobel peace prize winner Lech Walesa calls for a new set of secular Ten Commandments to provide the foundation for a universal human values.
Indian Illegal Mining Investigation that Led to Arrests of Public Officials Abruptly Ends Without Explanation - Sudden halt sparks concern over extent of corruption uncovered. India ending investigation shows failure to protect vulnerable tribal communities.
Gay marriage legalised in the Australian Capital Territory.
UK Wikipedia Editors Express Shock &amp; Dismay at Discovery of 100s of Paid-for Entries Promoting Products &amp; Organisations - Most disputed entries originate from US company Wiki-PR, which claims to build, manage, 7 translate Wikipedia pages for over 12,000 people &amp; companies.
Brunei introduces death by stoning under new Islamic laws
Israel: Economic Assessment Says Legalizing Cannabis Will Boost Revenue
Britains jails facing growing problem of forced conversion to Islam, officers warn
Thousands of Christians in Egypt turned out for the funerals of four members of a family gunned down as they waited outside a Coptic church for a wedding.
Another Blond Girl Seized from a Gypsy Camp - This time in Dublin
David Cameron criticises Facebook as irresponsible for allowing users to post videos of beheadings
Activists urge South Korea to cancel an imminent shipment of over 1.6 million tear gas canisters allegedly ordered by Bahraini authorities battling a two-and-a-half-year-long rebellion.
The head of the UN body tasked with delivering a global climate treaty broke down in tears at a meeting as she spoke about the impact of global warming on coming generations. Christiana Figueres told the BBC that the lack of an agreement was condemning future generations before they are even born
UN: Holland has to stop Sinterklaasfeest
US admits: French surveillance revelations raise legitimate questions
Mega-fire fears grip Australia as dozens of blazes rage
Uruguay Will Sell Legal Marijuana For $1 Per Gram, Official Says
Infant Mortality in India Down by 30% in Past Decade
Israels elections bring racism to the fore
Walesa Wants New Secular Ten Commandments: We need to agree on common values for all religions as soon as possible, a kind of secular Ten Commandments on which we will build the world of tomorrow, he said in an opening speech kicking off the three-day summit.
Angela Merkel called Barack Obama today to complain against NSA attempts to eavesdrop on her personal phone. Internal investigations done by german intelligence agencies clearly hinted at US attempts to break into her phone. [Source in German]
U.S.-funded Afghan hospital project paid $500-a-gallon for gas instead of market-rate of $5 and is still 23 months behind schedule
Pot growers celebrate as Uruguay legalizes cultivation and consumption of marijuana Uruguay is about to go where no country has gone before by legalizing the cultivation and distribution of marijuana, with the left-of-center government regulating all facets of the trade
Six months ago, 1,127 Bangladeshi workers were killed in a garment factory collapse. Today, not a single Bangladeshi garment factory has been inspected.
DNA test proves 7 year old girl taken from by police from house in Dublin this week is related to Roma family - The couple have maintained all along that the 7-year-old blonde girl is their daughter
The insolent actions of the USA must be stopped. It is a punch in the face - Germany reacts to reports NSA tapped Merkels phone
Secret memos show that senior Pakistani government officials have for years known of and endorsed CIA drone strikes.
Where Do the Dollars For Drone Victims End Up? In the Hands of American NGOs - $40 million allocated never made it to the people who need it the most
Giant mirrors installed on Norway mountainside: The massive mirrors will bring winter sunlight to a Norwegian town for the first time
Al Gore attacks Tony Abbotts refusal to link bushfires with climate change - Nobel laureate likens Australian prime minister to pliant politicians who said tobacco didnt cause lung cancer
German Catholics can only remain in the Church if they pay membership tax, rules court. All Germans who are officially registered as Catholics, Protestants or Jews pay a religious tax, worth an extra 8-9% of their income tax bill.
Two large earth facing sunspots give us both barrels, incoming storm expected
1,000 year old frozen arrows found preserved in Swedish mountain ice
ATM company Diebold charged with bribery, falsifying docs The charges are in response to worldwide pattern of criminal conduct, according to a U.S. Attorney
West African Inventor Creates a $100 3D Printer from E-Waste
Talks to Create Worlds 2 Largest Marine Reserves in Antarctic Being Undermined by Last-Ditch Push for Sunset clause allowing fishing &amp; oil drilling - Proposal backed by US &amp; NZ would create 1.3m sq km no take zone in 1 of last pristine bodies of water in world.
Pussy Riot Member Missing Since 10/21
Iranian who survived execution will be spared second hanging. The justice minister claims Alireza, found alive in morgue and now on life support, survived penalty so will not be re-executed.
National Trust wont accept wind turbines on its land, might accept fracking.
World leaders called Obama to ask why he has bugged their phone.
Royal Marines murdered man live on camera: court martial continues.
In China, everyone is guilty of corruption
A fake priest held hostage the family of Spains corrupt ex treasurer, demanding a flash drive with secret info which could bring down the government.
Experian sells thousands of Personal Identifiable Information to ID thieves in Singapore
US-Student left scarred for life in late-night mob attack three days after arriving in the UK
NSA monitored calls of 35 world leaders after US official handed over contacts
Switzerland may be close to enshrining a law that would ban an executive from earning more than 12 times what the lowest paid worker at a Swiss company earns
Europe Demands the US Agree to Stop Spying
Over 100 rhinos poached in S.Africa in past month. Kruger National Park is worst affected, having lost 476 rhinos since January.
To clean up Beijing, the Chinese government will suck its western regions dry. Beijing will be one of the first cities powered by Synthetic natural gas which emits 82% more greenhouse emissions than coal.
Europe falls out of love with Obama over NSA spying claims
Another jumbo poisoner gets 15 yrs. A Hwange court on Wednesday sentenced a poacher to more than 14 years in prison for poisoning and killing elephants with cyanide, the fourth such conviction in the country [Zimbabwe] in a month.
Anonymous pledges support to Canada anti-fracking protesters - Anonymous is joining anti-fracking campaigns, targeting the Canadian government, corporations and energy conglomerates.
Greenwald: NSA spied on the Italian government and military
Bangladesh Accuses Countrys Only Nobel Prize Winner Of Being Un-Islamic, Spreading Homosexuality, An Accomplice of Jews And Christians
DNA tests confirm Bulgarian Roma woman as mother of mystery child Maria found in Greece last week
UK Police seize 3D printed gun parts, which turn out to be 3D printer parts.
French football clubs to go on strike because of a new 75% tax on over 1 million euro wages
Another Denial of NSA Spying Even as More Evidence Emerges: Italian PM says spying by allies unacceptable
Norway rejects U.S. request to destroy Syrian chemical arms
US Drones Have Killed Up to 900 Civilians in Pakistan
Saudi Arabias women plan day of action to change driving laws
Latin America leading the way on promoting food as a human right Latin America has blazed the way in the adoption of laws that promote and protect the right to food, a UN expert has said.
Nearly a third of all Mexicans are obese. Lawmakers proposing a 10% tax on sodas, 5% tax on high calorie snacks.
The NSA spied on Spains leaders too, according to sources in Madrid.
With Winter Ahead, Can Chinas Smog Get Anything But Worse? On Monday and Tuesday, air-quality monitoring stations in Harbin reported concentrations of PM 2.5 exceeding 1,000 micrograms per cubic meter - 40 times the limit deemed safe by the World Health Organization.
Major Pension Funds Ask for Climate Change Study - Some of the largest pension funds in the U.S. and the world are worried that major fossil fuel companies may not be as profitable and want details on how the firms will manage a long-term shift to cleaner energy sources.
Greeces Mystery Girls Mother Found: DNA Tests Confirm Bulgarian Roma Woman Is Blond Childs Biological Parent
Germany, Brazil Turn to U.N. to Restrain American Spies
U.S. warns foreign allies for upcoming Snowden leaks
Man buys $27 of bitcoin, forgets about them, finds theyre now worth $886k. Bought in 2009, currencys rise in value saw small investment turn into enough to buy an apartment in a wealthy area of Oslo.
Zombie CISPA bill pushes forward with NSA support
Cannabis Plants Pop up All Over Germany as Form of Protest.
As Europe Erupts Over US Spying, NSA Chief Says Government Must Stop Media With General Alexander calling for NSA reporting to be halted, US and UK credibility as guardians of press freedom is crushed
If All These Countries Are So Outraged By Revelations Of US Spying On Them, Why Arent They Offering Snowden Asylum?
Cameron openly threatens the Guardian
Europe considers sanctions against U.S. over spying
Why Did America Kill My Mother? Pakistani Drone Victim Comes To Congress For Answer
Tiny Caribbean nation of Antigua will launch new website that will offer the world Americas copyrighted content for free.
9/11 Suspects Cant Mention being Tortured during Trial Testimony because Their Torture is Classified
China flexes muscle and unveils mystery nuclear sub fleet
This goes to the heart of science reporting  you wouldnt have a homeopath speaking alongside a brain surgeon for balance, as that would be absurd. Its just as absurd to have a climate sceptic for balance against the work of the overwhelming majority of climate scientists.
NSA oversight dismissed as illusory as anger intensifies in Europe and beyond. Condemnation by Latin American panel comes as US fields worsening outrage from Spain and Germany over surveillance
BERLIN: U.S. spying on Europeans a symptom of a paranoid government, Germans say
David Cameron makes veiled threat to media over NSA and GCHQ leaks
U.K. may punish publication of NSA leaks
Obama sidesteps questions on NSA spying and what he knew
Dianne Feinstein: I am totally opposed to NSA surveillance of US allies
Cameron threatens to act against newspapers publishing security leaks
WikiLeaks launches site for Edward Snowdens legal defense
NSA affair could block EU-US free trade talks
Google, Microsoft Threaten End to Cookie Tracking
Parents of Downs syndrome boy who was bullied by his teachers are charged with neglect for taking him out of school.
33-year-old woman has admitted in court in Memmingen, Germany to have wrongly accused her father of rape. The man had been sitting for seven years in prison because of the allegations.
NSA oversight dismissed as illusory as anger intensifies in Europe and beyond
Edward Snowdens letter to Germany revealed.He is ready to go to Germany and testify over the US wiretapping of Angela Merkels phone on condition of granting him political asylum
A new law requiring Muslim women to remove a burqa or niqab to prove their identity to West Australian police has been passed by the states parliament.
Japan Likely To Pass New Secrecy Law That Would Put Whistleblowers And Journalists In Jail
Report: Japan is hunting its whales and dolphins to extinction
These Drones Attack Us and the Whole World is Silent: New Film Exposes Secret U.S. War
Israeli warplanes strike military base in Syria
Germany may ask Edward Snowden to be witness in NSA inquiry
Ireland to consider marijuana legalization bill
Tunnel linking US and Mexico found. Its complete with ventilation, electricity and a railway.
Meanwhile in Russia: Man, 80, fights bear, falls off cliff  and survives
U.S. Congress committee endorses $488 million aid to Israel
Saudi sheikh Ali al Hemki declares fatwa against manned missions to Mars
Russias PM says U.S. hurt by evidence of cynical spying Can the situation be calmed? I think its possible. But to be honest, no assurances will help here, he said. What can you say in this situation? Sorry, we wont do it anymore or We will not try to listen in on you? Nobody will believe it
High-profile stories of children expose Europes anti-Roma prejudice: Within days... a kind of witch hunt was underway in many countries, with officials and ordinary people scouring Roma enclaves for white children on the presumption that any fair-skinned child must have been snatched
German MP meets Snowden, says he is willing to come to Germany for inquiry
Male prisoners in UK to wear uniforms and be banned from watching television - A new regime instigated by Chris Grayling aims to promote incentives and earned privileges
Mass grave in Bosnia could be biggest of 1992-95 war, authorities say
China is spying on you through your KETTLE: Bugs that scan wi-fi devices found in imported kitchen gadgets
Pacific Ocean Warming 15 Times Faster than Ever Before - Study adds weight to the theory that recent global warming pause is down to heat absorbed by ocean depths
Senate committee backs bill that would allow NSA data collection to continue; bill a direct challenge to Leahy Bill that would end domestic phone-records collection.
Today the Singaporean government newspaper was attacked by Anonymous. This was what they did.
CONFIRMED: Israel Launched Strikes On Syrian Missile Sites, Damascus
Russia &amp; China Block Bid to Create 2 Massive Antarctic Ocean Sanctuaries
According to a German lawmaker, Snowden is ready to testify in Merkel tapping case
A video that appears to show a Saudi man beating a migrant worker is causing growing outrage in Saudi Arabia: A man believed to be an Asian migrant worker cowers as his tormentor beats him with a belt. The shocking images spark outrage and a police hunt for the culprit
1.8 tonnes of ivory found in Chinese home in Tanzania. Authorities found at least 1800kg ivory at a home of Chinese nationals in Dar es Salam Mikocheni area. The haul is still being counted and could increase. So far 706 pieces of ivory have been counted representing over 200 elephant deaths.
Jimmy Carter: the president of South Africa, Thabo Mbeki...he was refusing to let Aids be treated...Thats the closest Ive come to getting into a fist fight with a head of state.
Father arrested in France after his 14-year-old daughter secretly films him on a webcam as he sexually assaults her
President Putin signs law requiring terrorists relatives to pay for damages
The Google File System makes NSAs hack blatantly illegal and they know it
Bin Laden has won, says Richard Dawkins after having honey confiscated by airport security
Three police officers suspended over failure to help innocent man branded a paedophile, beaten and set on fire
UK cops officially detained David Miranda for thoughtcrime
Irish Atheists Urge Repeal of Nations Blasphemy Law at Constitutional Convention
5 teens in France arrested for stealing a circus llama and taking him on the subway
British minister says Islamic veil should be banned in courts - Muslim women should be banned from wearing a veil when giving evidence in British courts, a cabinet minister in Prime Minister David Camerons government said on Sunday, arguing it was hard to judge someones testimony otherwise.
N.Korean naval drill goes horribly wrong, ship sinks, 30 crew dead, Video shows Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un visiting their graves
Turkish troops engage three suspected Syrian Rebel vehicles on border - cars found to contain large quantities of chemical weapons
Report: NSA among worst offenders of mass surveillance
NSA gave no answers on why they were mass spying on Europeans - head of EU delegation
Uncensored Instagrams From North Korea Buck Brutal Trend of Secrecy
Turkish PM Erdoan says male and female students should not live together in same house and we will intervene as government
Saudi Arabia arrests a Kuwaiti woman driving her diabetic father to a hospital
Another Anti-Gay Attack in Russia: Two Victims Attacked by Two Masked Men; One Shot in the Eye. Police Leave the Scene Almost Immediately After Arriving, Saying Theres No Crime to Investigate
Kuwaiti woman arrested in Saudi Arabia for driving her diabetic father to hospital
Brazil says Internet privacy must be UN priority
Rich-poor gap hits health of both. Overall, the United States has among the largest social and economic inequalities of any rich country. Japan and the Scandinavian countries have the smallest . The more equal countries also have the longest life expectancies.
EU condemns new Israel settlements plan
A bone dug up in a mans garden turns out to be the fossilised limb of a savage sea dinosaur.
East Libya declares self-government
The Indian Mars Mission cost $73 million which is less than the production budget for the movie Gravity ($105 million)
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford admits to smoking crack-cocaine.
The giant Spanish wine corporation Codornu, has permits in place right now to clear-cut 154 acres of coveted California coastal redwood forest and grade the soils to construct a sprawling vineyard, roads, and reservoirs in their place
Kerry: Israeli settlements are illegitimate
Kofi Annan - Stop war on drugs: today, we know what works and what does not. It is time for a smarter approach to drug policy. Putting peoples health and safety first is an imperative, not an afterthought.
Female Genital Mutilation Cases Should Be Treated As Child Abuse: Report
Google engineer accuses NSA and GCHQ of subverting judicial process - Anti-hacking expert claims British spy agency is even worse than NSA for tapping private networks between Googles centres
[Glenn Greenwalds partner,] David Miranda lawyers to argue that Heathrow detention was unlawful
Texas-sized floating island containing one million tonnes of junk from Japan tsunami drifting towards US coast
Brazil admits to spying on US diplomats after blasting NSA surveillance
Catholic church slams Israel razing of its property
Egypts Muslim Brotherhood finds havens abroad. Some Brotherhood leaders are living in exile in Doha  and Al Jazeera is paying their bills.
Protesters gather around the world for Million Mask March; Demonstrations in more than 400 cities were planned to coincide with Guy Fawkes Day, with Russell Brand at a London protest
Surge in ADHD diagnoses gets a red flag
Rob Ford : Yes, I have smoked crack cocaine.
Israel orders more demolitions of Palestinian flats in Jerusalem
Brazilian government to stop buying non-auditable software
Bodies of Massacred Christians Found in Mass Grave in Syria
Two Russian Tupolev Tu-160 bombers violate Colombian airspace.
Russia has failed to appear before an international court that is hearing a Dutch bid to force the release of the Greenpeace protest ship Arctic Sunrise and the activists who were on board her.
Apple takes strong privacy stance in new report, publishes rare warrant canary: Apple has never received an order under Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act.
David Suzuki has issued a scary warning about Japans Fukushima nuclear plant, saying that if it falls in a future earthquake, its bye bye Japan and the entire west coast of North America should be evacuated.
Lebanon Outraged Over Kidnapped Teen Bride: A 13-year-old girl was abducted by her fathers creditor and forced to marry his older son, in a case that has activists calling for a minimum age for marriage in the country
Video of the attack on Greek Neo-Nazis Golden Dawn where 2 people died and 1 is heavily injured. 0:22 mark starts, attack lasts only 10 seconds.
Nigerian wedding party in Borno State massacred by gunmen - More than 30 dead (groom among the victims)
$62k USD reward offered for WikiLeaks to obtain and publish secret Trans-Pacific Partnership Argeement 12 nation internet-trade deal
U.S., Israel lose UNESCO voting rights
Supreme Court of Canada finds govt must get distinct warrant to search a computer found with a search warrant: It is difficult to imagine a more intrusive invasion of privacy than the search of a personal or home computer.
German Trust in United States Plummets The NSA spying scandals have taken a toll on Germans opinion of their longtime ally, according to a new survey. Mistrust in the United States has skyrocketed, and more Germans are viewing whistleblower Edward Snowden as a hero.
Woman who cried wolf about rape may have to face her victim in court
Creator of the World Wide Web - Sir Tim Berners-Lee slams governments for seriously spying on the Internet
Video emerging from The Philippines as Typhoon Haiyan comes ashore with winds reaching 378 km/h.
Super Typhoon Haiyan, one of the strongest storms ever seen, heads for Philippines.
Royal Marine found guilty of executing Afghan insurgent
Snowden persuaded other NSA workers to give up passwords
Only a few weeks until internet surveillance starts in Norway to prevent piracy. (Google translated Norwegian page)
How telcos collude with the NSA and GCHQ: Google and Yahoo were quick to condemn the NSA for spying on their customers, but telecom firms remained conspicuously silent - and for good reason. Privacy International has filed a complaint against them with the OECD.
The Philippines are about to get wrecked by one of the strongest storms in history.
Coca-Cola vows to axe suppliers guilty of land grabbing. Coca-Cola has said it will cut off suppliers that do not follow guidelines to protect the land rights of local communities in developing countries.
Former Garment Worker Fights to Unionize Walmarts Near-Slave Labor in Bangladesh
NYT: West and Iran on the verge of Nuclear agreement. Kerry called unexpectedly to Geneva.
Arafat Poisoning: Israel Is Only Suspect
Universities cancel Muslim clerics speaking tour over concerns about his anti-gay views
Japans Offshore Wind Power Rises within Sight of Fukushima Nuclear Plant - Unique turbines that float on the surface rather than rest on the seafloor can be placed in deeper waters
Israel utterly rejects potential Iran nuclear deal; Kerry heads to talks in Geneva
The Guardian: Oil traders claim crude prices fixed
Europe decides to open up clinical data but one of worlds biggest pharma companies wants to keep their trials secret. Heres why
Japans military is stationing unarmed missiles on islands that mark the gateway to the Pacific, officials said Thursday, as part of a major drill that has made China nervous.
Pressured to work for MI5. British intelligence agencies have a strange recruitment campaign among Britains young Muslims.
Put out more flags, says Putin in patriotism drive. In a new appeal to conservative values and voters as he tries to lift his popularity ratings, Putin also criticized the use of foreign words by Russian professionals, saying it was a sign of weakness.
Hundreds turn out for funeral of WWII veteran held on Remembrance Day following successful online campaign as the man had no family.
Irans deputy minister assassinated
Wealth of worlds billionaires doubles since 2009
Sweden to close prisons due to lack of criminals [google translate]
A sickening video of a man in Lebanon microwaving a cat has sparked outrage and calls for stricter animal cruelty laws in the region.
Zoologists hunting Tasmanian tiger declare no doubt species still alive - Team claims that it has highly credible witnesses &amp; has found animal faeces that could belong to the extinct thylacine, last known one dying in a zoo in 1936.
Worse than hell in typhoon-ravaged Philippines (PHOTOS)
John McCain says NSA chief Keith Alexander should resign or be fired. Senator gives interview to Der Spiegel, saying general should be held accountable for Edward Snowden leaks.
Israel will attack Iran if you sign the deal, French MP told Fabius
How the NSA and GCHQ Spied on OPEC: Americas NSA and Britains GCHQ are both spying on the OPEC oil cartel, documents from whistleblower Edward Snowden reveal. The security of the global energy supply is one of the most important issues for the intelligence agencies.
Israel OKs demolishing Bedouin village, replacing it with a Jewish town
Sir John Major attacks truly shocking privilege of privately educated elite
Greece intercepts mystery ship with 20,000 Kalashnikovs onboard
North Korea holds simultaneous executions of 80 in seven cities.
Copyright Extension Goes Into Effect In The UK: More Works Stolen From The Public Domain
Mass Surveillance Violates EU Law
Vatican gives $150,000 in emergency aid to Philippines
Sounds like a good plan: UK legal-aid Lawyers to earn higher fees for early guilty pleas
Moscow: Protester nails testicles to Red Square cobblestone
Thousands of workers demanding higher pay hurled rocks and sticks at clothing factories and clashed with police who used tear gas against them Monday, bringing fresh scrutiny to working conditions in Bangladeshs garment industry. At least 30 people were reported wounded
Tensions between Shia and Sunnis Muslims are probably the most serious threat to world security, Irans Foreign Minister Mohamed Zarif tells the BBC
Irans signs agreement with IAEA to allow broader inspections of nuclear sites: Iran signed an agreement on Monday with the United Nations nuclear watchdog agency in which it pledged to allow greater access to some of its nuclear sites, U.N. and Iranian officials said.
UK spies continue quantum insert attack via LinkedIn, Slashdot pages
Peru Uses Climate Twist to Lure Tourists to Shrinking Glacier - It was so bright with ice &amp; snow that sunglasses were mandatory. In less than 20 yrs, its shrunk in 1/2, climbing banned. Its being rebranded as a place to see climate change in action.
North Korea publicly executes 80 people earlier this month, many for watching smuggled South Korean TV shows, a South Korean newspaper reported Monday
WikiLeaks releases the secret negotiated draft text for the entire TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) Intellectual Property Rights Chapter.
Author Of The PATRIOT Act Goes To EU Parliament To Admit Congress Failed, And The NSA Is Out Of Control
Wars are becoming less frequent. Life expectancy has more than doubled in the past century. More children than ever are going to primary school. The world is better than it has ever been.
UK spy found dead in bag probably locked himself inside, according to London police
/r/worldnews fundraising campaign for Typhoon Haiyan Relief
They never forgot: Japan returns favor to the Philippines
Wikileaks exposes secret TPP trade negotiations
Heres David Cameron Calling For Permanent Austerity In Front Of All Kinds Of Ridiculous Gold Things
A 270 sq mile iceberg has broken off Antarctica.
White House blasts new sanctions against Iran as US Congress marching to war. Says the American people do not want a march to war.
A Danish church minister has argued for the abolition of the countrys blasphemy law saying it undermines democracy by limiting free speech, abuses human rights and no longer serves any purpose
A band of Islamic vigilantes has admitted to roaming the streets of East London, confronting and threatening to kill non-believers in an effort to enforce Sharia law.
A Vietnam court will consider the death penalty for two former executives if theyre convicted in a $25 million fraud scheme, signaling an aggressive stance as leaders seek to clean up the banking system.
A camera trap in a forest in central Vietnam has managed to snap a photo of one of earths rarest mammals, the saola, which hadnt been seen in 15 years.
Putin receives his ninth degree black belt in Tae Kwon Do
In public the Australian government is on the side of consumers. Yet behind closed doors it is siding with the US government to block them turn after turn.
A 16 year old palestinian stabs an Israeli soldier to death in a bus stop in Israel
Quebecs controversial Bill 60 would ban public servants from wearing religious symbols, such as headscarves, yarmulkes or crucifixes.
China, Russia, Cuba, Saudi Arabia win UN human rights council seats
Afghanistan opium harvest hits record high
The European Court of Human Rights has ordered Turkey to pay 2.3 million euros to victims of the bombing of two Kurdish villages in 1994.  Turkey was found guilty of the attack, having blamed it on Kurdish separatists.
China to spend only $100K on Philippines relief: It was impossible to separate Chinas anger over territorial claims from the question of disaster relief.
EU citizenship for sale: Maltas parliament approved a controversial bill allowing people to buy Maltese citizenship, including a Maltese passport and access to the EUs Schengen Area, for 650,000
16-Year-Old Palestinian Stabs to Death Israeli Soldier Sleeping on Bus
Philippine president urges countries to have moral responsibility to end climate change
Indian train strikes herd of 40 elephants crossing tracks - 7, including 2 calves, killed, 10 others seriously injured &amp; death toll expected to rise in worst such crash in recent memory. Railways have ignored requests to reduce train speeds inside the famed elephant corridor.
UK Government caught deleting archive of past speeches from internet
341 people arrested, 386 children rescued in massive anti-paedophile ring operation (bbcnews)
We categorically reject illegal killings by drones - Germany gives up on armed drones
Jailed Pussy Riot singer found in hospital
US blocks publication of Chilcots report on how Britain went to war with Iraq
Worlds oldest creature was 507...but scientists killed it
Trans-Pacific Partnership Leak Confirms the Worst: An anti-user wishlist of industry-friendly policies
Denmark surpasses 100 percent wind power
Police tried to spy on Cambridge students, secret footage shows: Officer is filmed attempting to persuade activist in his 20s to become informant targeting student-union type stuff
JPMorgan cancels Twitter Q&amp;A after tirade of abuse
Pope Francis: his life is in danger from ndrangheta, warns anti-mafia judge. Crackdown on financial corruption in Vatican has angered brutal crime syndicate, says Nicola Gratteri.
Singles Day in China, when billions are spent online and millions look for a mate.
Secret Trade Pact Will Spread U.S. Copyright Rules Abroad
Mafia are considering assassinating the Pope in response to his anti-corruption sermons, warns leading Italian prosecutor
TPP IP Chapter Leaked, Confirming Its Worse Than ACTA
New life found in Nasas spacecraft clean rooms
Unreached typhoon victims create huge SOS for help
Asia is in the grip of a diabetes epidemic
Napoleon Death Mask Blocked from Export - It was sold for 175,000 to an overseas buyer earlier this year by a descendant of the brother of its original owner. It has a power &amp; immediacy that raises the hairs on the back of the neck.
NZ lawyer gives advice to rape victim, says you should have closed your legs
Rob Ford admits to buying illegal drugs as mayor, threatens city councillor during ugly debate on his future
WikiLeaks publishes secret draft of Trans-Pacific Partnership treaty
Swedens Ice Hotel told to get fire alarms
TPP Uncovered: WikiLeaks releases draft of highly-secretive multi-national trade deal
Whats it like working with Mexican drug cartels? Banking giant JPMorgan cancels Twitter Q&amp;A after thousands of abusive tweets
The worlds oceans are becoming acidic at an unprecedented rate and may be souring more rapidly than at any time in the past 300 million years
Chinas aid to Philippines dwarfed by Ikea - China is the worlds second largest economy and closer to the Philippines than other major donors. Yet the $1.6 million in aid it pledged was less than the check written by Swedish furniture store Ikea.
NSA files: New York Times defends the Guardians Snowden leaks.
Councils in Britain to be given powers to ban peaceful protests that might disturb local residents - Anger mounts at shockingly open-ended Anti-social Behaviour, Crime and Policing Bill that could also see youngsters banned from skateboarding, forbid teenagers from using local parks
Embarrassment after embarrassment for Australia at Warsaw climate change meeting
The Central Intelligence Agency is secretly collecting bulk records of international money transfers handled by companies like Western Union  including transactions into and out of the United States
Al-Qaeda-linked rebels apologise after cutting off head of wrong person
The Most Nefarious Part Of The TPP Proposal: Making Copyright Reform Impossible
JPMorgan allegedly paid $80,000 a month to Wen Jiabaos daughter
Bangladeshi Garment Workers win a 77% pay rise following a four day shutdown of hundreds of factories and a series of violent confrontations involving tens of thousands.
Forest change mapped by Google Earth - From 2010 to 2012, the Earth lost a combined forest the size of Mongolia, enough trees to cover the UK six times.
China plans to loosen one-child policy and abolish labour camps.
A French footballer has been held against his will in Qatar for two years due to controversial labour laws - he has now written to former World Cup 2022 ambassadors Zinedine Zidane and Pep Guardiola to ask for their help
Mexicos meth country is totally tweaking out. In Michoacans meth heartland, a drug gang has gone medieval, militias are up in arms, and the government has put boots on the ground.
Oslo Hells Angels invite locals into clubhouse for mulled wine and ginger biscuits. You will have the opportunity to look around, and since its Christmas, we will probably serve mulled wine and ginger biscuits too, says Rune Olsgaard, the groups spokesman
Germany flies 70 tonnes of aid to Philippines
NY Court Rules Ancient Gold Tablet Belongs to Berlin, not Holocaust Survivors Heirs - Assyrian tablet found in Iraq by German archaeologists went on display in 1934 &amp; disappeared at start of WWII. Holocaust survivor says he traded cigarettes for it with a Russian soldier.
A Pacifist at War: In the embattled region of eastern Congo, the United Nations is deploying a real combat brigade for the first time. Its being led by a German pacifist who believes peacekeeping sometimes requires the use of military force. His approach appears to be working
Fukushima: 8 news cases of children with thyroid cancer in last two months. Now 59 cases. Schools using Water Bottles to Shield Students
A Green Pope? Pope to write encyclical (doctrinal statement) about nature, humans and environmental pollution, appears in photo holding item with anti-fracking statement
A BBC investigation has revealed concerns that young girls are being brought to Scotland to undergo female genital mutilation (FGM) because the country is seen as a soft touch.
CIA spills Camp David secrets on 1978 Egyptian-Israeli agreement - Declassified documents reveal how US intelligence helped Jimmy Carter strike a Middle Eastern bargain
First ever American ballerina to join the Bolshoi has quit, accusing the theater of extortion
Germany: Ally and Accomplice in U.S. Secret War on Terror
Rape porn possession to be punished by three years in jail, David Cameron to announce
BBC News - Huge bomb hits Syria government site
Boris Johnson says super-rich are put-upon minority like homeless people and Irish travellers. Mayor says wealthiest should get automatic knighthoods and our humble thanks, in comments deemed deeply offensive by London Assemblys Labour group.
A Boeing 737 has crashed landed in the Russian city of Kazan, killing all 44 passengers on board.
Volcanic activity detected under Antarctica
Ireland becomes first euro country to quit bailout programme
We owe it to Snowden to not forget him while he is in Moscow when he has dedicated himself to exposing truth, - German university seeks honorary doctorate, also given to Einstein, for Snowden.
Snowden cache reveals diplomats hotel bookings being tracked by GCHQ
An unprecedented public appearance by UK spy chiefs has been labelled a total pantomime after it emerged that they were told of questions in advance.
Threat from NSA leaks may have been overstated by UK, says Lord Falconer - Ex-lord chancellor defends Guardian reporting of Snowden files and says hes sceptical of warnings from spy agency chiefs
Docs Reveal CIA-Guadalajara Cartel Link, Not Conspiracy
Qatar 2022 World Cup workers treated like cattle, Amnesty report finds. Fresh fears raised about exploitation after Fifa president declares country on right track over migrant labourers rights.
Uruguays First Lady and Senator Affirms Drug War Is Lost
Australian Prime Minister lines up with Canada to Oppose Climate Change Fund for poor nations at Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting
Nigeria:Muslim Rebel group Boko Haram seizing slave brides in Nigeria. I cant sleep when I think of being there... If I cried, they beat me. If I spoke, they beat me. 
44 feared dead as passenger jet crashes in central Russia
Australias worst pedophile Catholic priests, Gerald Ridsdale, 79, pleaded guilty to 30 new child sexual assault charges. Previously convicted of 31 cases from 1961 - 1988. Magistrate Ian Alger struck out another 54 charges.
Indonesia recalls its ambassador to Australia after spying leak
Amnesty report on Qatar exposes grim abuse of migrant workers
Rob Ford tells Fox he wants to be prime minister
In light of the Chess World Championship match between Norwegian Magnus Carlsen and Indian Viswanathan Anand, a Norwegian newspaper is organizing a online chess game: Norway vs. the world. Anyone can open the page and vote for the next move. IP address determine which team you play for:
Vigilantes seize town in western Mexico
Champion free diver Nicholas Mevoli dies trying for new record
City of Vancouver bans doorknobs
Australia spied on Indonesian president, leaked Snowden documents reveal
Wikipedia names Texas PR firm over false manipulation of site entries. Free encyclopaedia called in lawyers after 300 sock puppet accounts were traced to single firm.
US Working Overtime Behind The Scenes To Kill UN Plan To Protect Online Privacy From Snooping
Pirate Parties International (PPI), the international umbrella organization for dozens of Pirate Parties worldwide, has been granted observer status by the World Trade Organization
Australian state decriminalise abortion, forces doctors that oppose termination to provide a list of willing practitioners to patients
US and UK struck secret deal to allow NSA to unmask Britons personal data
British Army admits operating a shoot to kill terrorist style force during the Troubles in Northern Ireland.
Three women rescued after decades of slavery in south London home
Volcano creates new Japanese island 620 miles south of Tokyo
Derry bus driver who drove alone with bomb on board is selfless heroine - Woman defied masked terrorists instruction to take device to central police station by driving it instead to less built-up area
German politicians will be given encrypted phones to keep NSA spies at bay
70 global investors with collective assets totalling $3tn (1.85tn) made the first ever joint request to the worlds 45 largest oil, coal and power companies to assess the financial risks that climate change and these other trends pose to your business plans
An 85-year-old American veteran of the Korean War is being detained in North Korea.
Has BP Hired Company To Troll Users Who Left Critical Comments?
We just experienced an abrupt climate change event in the Arctic. Portions of the Arctic have warmed as much as 9F in the last few years. This is possibly the most dramatic event of the last several thousand years
Just 90 companies caused two-thirds of man-made global warming emissions since the dawning of the industrial age - vast majority of companies are in the business of producing oil, gas or coal
We need more wars: Head of controversial private outsourcing firm blames lack of conflict for spectacular collapse in Army recruitment since it took charge
Inside Americas Plan to Kill Online Privacy Rights Everywhere
Wreckage of Nazi U-boat found off Indonesias coast
Australias Lower House Votes to Dump Carbon Tax: 18 mos after taking effect  with a one off 0.4% increase in cost of living &amp; almost no impact on economic growth  its been repealed. This is about honour &amp; dignity &amp; the sovereign will of the Australian people, says environment minister.
The Norwegian military said Tuesday [19 November 2013] it plans to put its troops on a vegetarian diet once a week in a bid to fight a new kind of enemy -- climate change.
Massive cocaine haul washes up on beach near Tokyo
Al Qaeda-linked group says it bombed Iran embassy in Beirut
US drone kills senior militant in Pakistani seminary
UK Imam caught agreeing to marry off a 14-year-old girl gets job back
Report: Taliban Have Killed More Than 800 Clerics For Not Defending Afghanistans Original Islamic Values
Richard Branson says Virgin Galactic will accept Bitcoin
Canadians brave freezing waters to save shark choking on moose.
Five arrested in Thailand under drug ring with meth produced from North Korea. The kicker: The meth was tested by authorities and found at over 99% purity.
Once Ford became mayor, he continued the practice of personally returning constituent calls about everyday issues like backed up city sewers, sometimes returning calls late into the night.
Malaysia cuts fuel subsidies to fund welfare payments for the poor
Magnus Carlsen wins Chess World championship
Satellite imagery reveals mystery supergun in Chinese desert
American prisoners are choosing to stay in German jails rather than transferring home
Italys Triangle Of Death: Naples Residents Blame Child Cancer Rates on Mob Disposal of Toxic Chemicals - Italians blaming sky-high child cancer rates on mobs dumping of toxic chemicalscontaminating water, mozzarella, &amp; the developing brains of babies.
We Have to Consume Less: Scientists Call For Radical Economic Overhaul to Avert Climate Crisis
Latvia supermarket collapse death toll rises to 32
50 US embassy workers in Norway busted for tax fraud. (Google translated link from norwegian news)
Urgent call for UN troops to prevent genocide in Central African Republic. Muslim former rebels have been accused of murder, kidnap, rape, looting and the burning of villages
Despite US Opposition, UN Pushes Forward Surveillance Bill of Rights: The so-called Five Eyes countries overwhelmed by international unity on the right to protection from spying
As Inequality Grows, Swiss To Vote On Curbing Executive Pay
Chinese Court rules out confession through torture
China struggles to crack down on fake miltary officials. Number of criminals making financial gains impersonating PLA officials soars amid culture of state corruption.
S. Korea decides to buy 40 Lockheed F-35s from US, to be delivered starting in 2018
Two hours ago people in Kiev, Ukraine, began spontaneous gathering to express their disagreement about the decision of the Ukrainian government to suspend preparation for the signing of the Association Agreement with EU (my rough translation of the article in the comments)
Bolivian President Morales doubles workers Christmas bonus
The rusted remains of a Nazi-era submarine have been discovered off the coast of Java, Indonesia. Researchers are looking through the wreckage, which includes human bones and plates with Nazi insignia, for clues that could identify the ship.
Libyas Tripoli celebrates with cake as militias withdraw and official police force deploys across the city
Assads North Korean connection: Reports that Pyongyang has sent pilots to Syria suggest the Damascus regime can no longer rely on its own airmen; ties precede current Syrian war, forms part of North Koreas broader network of relationship in Mideast.
An underwater volcano creates a new island south of Japan
Greenpeace activist freed by Russian authorities
Every time you buy fish in the UK, you pay a fee to support an organisation which opposes campaigns to protect fish stocks and marine ecosystems
Oil prices fall after Iran agrees nuclear deal
86-year-old couple found holding hands in a luxury Paris hotel bed, lashed out at Frances cruel ban on euthanasia in their suicide note
Egypt is now ranked as the worst arab country for womens safety and rights
Abortion is illegal in Haiti but women and girls are losing their uteruses and their lives as they turn to clandestine, increasingly deadly ways to terminate their pregnancies.
Tony Abbott quietly shifts UN position to support Israeli settlements, upsetting Palestinians
A wealthy dentist couple in India have been found guilty of murdering their 14-year-old daughter and servant by slitting their throats
93 schoolgirls sexually harassed aboard Patna train
Swiss voters reject proposal to limit executives pay (with 66% against)
Gaza becoming uninhabitable as blockade tightens, says UN. Destruction of smuggling tunnels and renewed ban on import of construction materials have exacerbated humanitarian crisis
Toxic Lakes May Emerge From Albertas Tar-Sand Projects
Plummeting popularity for Australian PM - Tony Abbotts party loses the lead that won him the election as immigration and climate change remain top issues
Merkels phone tapped by at least 5 countries
German universities are being criticized for taking $13 million of Pentagon cash for research including into environmentally-friendly bombs
An Australian anti-vaccination network The Australian Vaccination Network has been forced by the Fair Trade Tribunal to change its name.
RBS accused of wrecking viable small businesses to make profits for the bailed out bank
Afghanistan considers reintroduction of public stoning for adulterers
Ukrainians riot in Kiev to join EU after deal collapses over Yulia Tymoshenko - PRO-WESTERN Ukrainians have held the biggest protest rally in Kiev since the 2004 Orange Revolution, urging the government to sign a historic pact with the European Union and clashing with police.
Japan warns of unpredictable events over Chinas new air zone
1 of Europes Best Preserved Iron Age Hill Forts Threatened by Plans for 200 Luxury Homes for Affluent Commuters &amp; Rich Retirees- Old Oswestry has existed for over 3,000 yrs. Protesters say the plan will be low-risk developments for country retreat investors &amp; holiday cottage landlords.
Reports of explosion in Belfast city centre
NGO: Israel Okays 829 New Settler Homes in West Bank
Radical Islamist group [Turkistan Islamic Party] has claimed responsibility for an attack on Tiananmen Square last month and warned of future attacks in the Chinese capital.
The dark side of the Magic Kingdom? Fairytale may be over for Disneyland Paris. With union marches replacing the parade, the theme park risks losing its sparkle.
Pakistani island born from an earthquake is already disappearing
UK Prime Minister David Cameron Announces That Filters Used to Block Porn Will Also Block Websites Espousing Extremist Views in Order to Keep Our Country Safe
USA drops case against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange
Pope attacks tyranny of markets, urges renewal in key document: Pope Francis called for renewal of the Roman Catholic Church and attacked unfettered capitalism as a new tyranny, urging global leaders to fight poverty and growing inequality in the first major work he has authored alone as pontiff.
Woman fined $140 a day for refusing to circumcise son. Rabbinical judges in the case said they fear the effect that allowing Israeli Jews to freely decide on the ritual circumcision of their own children might have on the global debate over the issue.
Wikipedias Jimmy Wales in Oxford: Snowden a hero. Its very difficult for me to go to authoritarian countries and say, You shouldnt spy on activists, you shouldnt censor the internet, when [the US] is complicit in these acts of extraordinary intrusion into peoples personal lives.
Japans lower house of parliament has approved a state secrecy bill that penalizes civil servants who leak secrets and journalists who seek them  a move opponents criticize as a heavy-handed effort by the government to hide what its doing and suppress press freedom
Ian Watkins, singer of Welsh rock band Lostprophets, pleads guilty to a series of child sex offences including attempted rape of a baby
Canadas Conservatives Are Using Cyberbullying to Normalize Online Surveillance
Prisoners who escaped from a flooded jail at the height of Super Typhoon Haiyan returned after helping their families deal with the storms aftermath
Up to 15,000 U.S. troops to remain in Afghanistan until 2024
US Working To Kill UN Privacy Resolutions
Half Of New Greek HIV Cases Are Self-Inflicted To Receive 700 Per Month Benefits, Study Finds
Pope calls for power to be devolved away from the vatican
Untouchable PhD student kills self over University bias
EU Commission moves to close corporate tax loophole used by Google, Amazon and Starbucks. Google, Amazon and Starbucks have all been using aggressive tax planning.
German company Solarworld has announced its acquiring the complete solar business of Bosch. The takeover will result in the first German solar firm with a manufacturing capacity exceeding one gigawatt.
Wary of war, Israeli public gives Iran deal a chance - Going about their business on Monday, Israelis seemed more accepting than their leader, Benjamin Netanyahu, of a nuclear deal with Iran that he rejected as a historic mistake.
Afghanistan plans to re-introduce public stoning as punishment for adultery
The largest Byzantium monastery in Istanbul will be converted into a mosque
World Health Organisation withdraws claim that half of all new Greek HIV cases self-inflicted, says there was an error in the editing phase of the report
Egypt bans gatherings of more than 10 people with government approval: The interim president of Egypt, Hazem Beblawi, on Sunday banned public gatherings of more than 10 people without having prior government approval. Punishments for violating the new ban include fines and prison terms.
Headteacher apologises after ordering pupils to attend Islam awareness trip or face punishment for racism
Scottish National Party releases independence blueprint, calling it a mission statement for Scotlands future.
Changes to Canadas fisheries law alarm biologists - Revisions that take effect today remove protections for 80% of endangered freshwater species.
U.S. says may pull out all troops as Afghan leader holds up deal - Hamid Karzai has refused to sign a security deal with the United States, and Washington may have to resort to the zero option of withdrawing all American troops from the strife-torn country next year, as it did in Iraq.
US flies B52 aircraft over disputed islands in East China Sea in defiance of Chinese air defence rules.
Fight Club, Pretty Woman Producer Admits to Being Israeli Spy
Harvard fracking study rings methane alarm bells in Australia: A peer-reviewed report suggests that greenhouse gas emissions from drilling and fracking are 50 per cent worse than thought.
Bitcoin virtual currency breaks $1,000 mark
France set to introduce fines of at least $2,000 for those caught buying sex. Prostitutes say their lives will become a lot more dangerous.
France sends in troops to Central African Republic to stop another Rwanda
Acidifying Oceans Alarm 540 Scientists from 37 Countries  Oceans acidifying at rates not seen for last 55 million yrs &amp; the only way to slow it is to reduce human emissions of carbon dioxide. All oceans have experienced a 26% rise in acidity since dawn of industrial age.
Crane falls on World Cup opening ceremony football stadium, Sao Paulo, Brazil, 3 dead.
Moscow Police detain 15 Islamists with suicide belts
The Justice Department has all but concluded it will not bring charges against WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange for publishing classified documents because government lawyers said they could not do so without also prosecuting U.S. news organizations and journalists, according to U.S. officials.
Worlds Second Largest Clothing Retailer Pledges Living Wages for Factory Workers
Free movement within Europe needs to be less free- David Cameron
Radical Islamists arrested in Moscow, found with Guns and Bombs (BBC NEWS)
EU warns the UK risks being seen as a nasty country after Prime Minister David Cameron outlined plans to restrict access to benefits for EU immigrants. Cameron is proposing powers to deport homeless migrants and cut rights to unemployment and housing benefits.
Prime Minister Valdis Dombrovskis of Latvia has announced his resignation, and thereby the fall of his government, over a deadly supermarket collapse.
Tunisia protesters torch ruling Islamist party office
NSA surveillance: Europe threatens to freeze US data-sharing arrangements
Midnight Sabotage with Transylvanias Anti-Fracking Activists - Farmers, peasants and eco-warriors are leading the fight against gas giants in Romania, who they claim are illegally seizing land
Dutch lawmakers may backtrack on plans to scrap blasphemy law: The law makes it a crime to insult God, the monarch or to be disrespectful to a policeman. The legislation introduced in the 1930s, has not been invoked for the past fifty years
Pope says Catholic church must decentralise and tackle poverty. Just as the commandment Thou shalt not kill sets a clear limit in order to safeguard the value of human life, today we also have to say thou shalt not to an economy of exclusion and inequality. Such an economy kills.
China-Japan-US situation escalates: American B-52s defy Chinese airspace claim and demand that all aircraft submit to Chinese notification and compliance. China has stated it may take emergency defensive measures to enforce their demand on Japan and the US.
New analysis questions constraint on US drone strikes: Six months after President Obama laid out US rules for using armed drones, a Bureau analysis shows that covert drone strikes in Yemen and Pakistan have killed more people than in the six months before the speech.
Protests in Thailand: The mass protests, the biggest since 2010, are the latest round in an escalating battle between the Bangkok-centred establishment and the family clan of Thaksin Shinawatra, a billionaire former PM, and his sister Yingluck, the current PM
EU demands protection against U.S. data surveillance: EU justice commissioner Viviane Reding said she wanted Washington to follow through on its promise to give all EU citizens the right to sue in the United States if their data is misused.
China arrested 1,000 over threat to state security
Nelson Mandela has passed away.
Japan passes a democracy-muzzling Patriot Act. The Obama-supported State Secret Bill criminalizes investigative journalism and conflates terrorism with imposing ones opinions.
Austrian Mayor Says That Journalists Who Report on Asylum-Seekers Should Be Hanged Like Jews
US will no longer report Guantanamo Hunger strikes
Al-Qaida massacres 52 at Yemen hospital
New law allows same-sex couples in Australia to be married
Iceland to write 24,000 off every household mortgage
Atheist advertising rejected in Vancouver
Upset over inaction by police, a 16-year-old gang-rape survivor allegedly consumed poison outside the office of the Superintendent of Police
Microsoft brands governments a persistent threat alongside malware and cyber attacks
TEPCO clean-up boss says Fukushimas radioactive water will be dumped into Pacific Ocean
Chinese moon rover enters lunar orbit
How the NSA Targets Italy
India: 14-year-old braveheart girl offers herself to kidnapper to save 10 kids in Assam
Snowden to speak to European Parliament, delegate claims: US whistleblower Edward Snowden is to give video evidence to the European Parliament, a German assembly member claims. A parliamentary committee session will examine mass-surveillance by intelligence agencies.
Data haul by Android Flashlight app deceives millions
Someones Been Siphoning Data Through a Huge Security Hole in the Internet | Threat Level
First ever pictures from inside Australian refugee detention centre
Iran Arrests 16 in New Crackdown on Internet Freedom
East Timor seeks to scrap oil treaty with Australia in The Hague over spying allegations
Beating bribery: An increasingly popular weapon in the fight against corruption: fake money ..It can be a pointed way of shaming someone who asks for a bribe. That is the thinking behind zero-rupee notes, an Indian anti-corruption gimmick now attracting worldwide interest.
Russias High Court Declares Gay Propaganda Ban Constitutional
Religious Intolerance on the rise: Indonesian Govt Fails to Act as Two More Churches Sealed
UK to aid France in Central African Republic intervention by providing a C-17 aircraft
Nelson Mandela Was On The U.S. Terrorist Watch List Until 2008
104 Chinese cities are now reporting air pollution levels above 300 mcg per cubic meter, twelve times the recommended limit. Over 70 percent of Chinas rivers and lakes are now too toxic for animals to drink from. This past week, visibility in some parts of China was reduced to less than 5 meters.
Apple, Google, Microsoft, Facebook, Yahoo, LinkedIn, Twitter and AO have united to demand sweeping changes to US surveillance laws and an international ban on bulk collection of data
Edward Snowden voted Guardian person of the year 2013
Thousands protest in Japan against new state secrets bill
Somali woman who reported rape sentenced: Nineteen-year-old will be confined to home for six months and journalists who reported the story are to go to jail.
NSA and GCHQ collect gamers chats and deploy real-life agents into World of Warcraft and Second Life
Londons biggest university bans student protests - students could be fined or imprisoned
China bans shark fin dinners, suites for officials in latest crackdown
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP), a party formed barely a year ago mainly by non-politicians, wins 28 out of 70 seats in Indias capital New Delhi with agenda to drive out deep-ingrained corruption inside the worlds largest democracy.
Most UK People in Poverty Have a Job
Second release of secret Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement documents
British agents in Russia instructed to find Snowden  Canadian NGO
Anti-corruption crusader stuns Indian politics with election surge
WikiLeaks releases new documents exposing secret Trans-Pacific Partnership talks | The revelations are mostly the same, but the new documents suggest that the public outcry against these proposals has had little effect on the negotiations.
Protesters in Kiev Topple Lenin Statue as Rallies Grow. Todays estimates at 500,000 people.
Russias President Vladimir Putin has abolished the countrys state-owned news agency RIA Novosti
Ukrainian homosexual X-Factor contenstant tortured by Russian Neonazis who shaved his head and forced him to admit to being a pedophile using a dildo as a microphone while pouring urine on him.
Canada Busted Covering Up Spikes In Fukushima Radiation Washingtons Blog
The Silent Crisis: Vietnams Elephants on the Verge of Extinction
Ukrainian protesters topple Lenin statue in Kiev
The rise of BlackRock - The worlds single largest investor with over $4.1 Trillion in directly controlled assets
Seymour Hersh Alleges Obama Administration Lied on Syria Gas Attack
Revealed: spy agencies covert push to infiltrate virtual world of online games
Iraqi Kurdistan fights female circumcision: Female circumcision is slowly declining in Iraqi Kurdistan. Years of campaigning and a law against the practise have borne fruit. Some villages went from 100 percent of all young girls being circumcised to none.
Islamophobes Publish Fake Image About Muslims Throwing Christian Girl From Window
Air strike kills 15 civilians in Yemen by mistake: Fifteen people on their way to a wedding in Yemen were killed in an air strike after their party was mistaken for an al Qaeda convoy
Russian Supreme Court Declares Pussy Riot Sentence Unlawful
Woman who miscarried in private prison made to clean up after herself, court told
Uncle of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un executed after being purged for corruption - state news agency
Pirate Bay founder suffering torturous conditions in Danish solitary confinement, his mother says after visiting
French officials can monitor internet users in real time under new law that passed quietly
Indians go gay for a day - posting photos of same-sex affection to show outrage over supreme court ruling that criminalises gay sex
Icelandic bank bosses jailed - also made to pay legal costs for the case which amounts to millions of pounds.
The Canadian federal government will, for the first time, designate crude oil a highly dangerous substance and introduce tougher safety and testing measures for shipping oil by rail, according to Transport Minister Lisa Raitt
Study: Dead sea creatures covered 98% of seafloor last year about 150 miles off California coast; Unprecedented, had been below 1% prior to event  Major changes began in spring 2011
Beneath Yellowstone, A Volcano That Could Wipe Out U.S.: Weve long known that Yellowstone is merely the skin on top of a supervolcano -- a giant pool of magma sitting just under the Earths surface. Exactly how giant has been the subject of much speculation. Until now.
Mandela deaf interpreter accused of murder
Missing American in Iran was working for CIA. Family paid $2.5 million to keep quiet.
Physicists discover clearest evidence yet that the Universe is a hologram. Latest calculations chime with 1997 theory that reality is only perceived as 3D and is actually a 2D projection on the boundary of the universe.
Family faces deportation to Bangladesh by Australia because their autistic son would be a burden to taxpayers
Drone strike kills 15 heading to wedding in Yemen.
Panic as Thousands Receive Fines For Streaming RedTube Videos
Massive water geysers spotted on Jupiters moon Europa, possibly from subsurface ocean.
US totally dictates Swedish surveillance
Mexican Senate votes to privatize oil industry
Kenya: Two Poachers Killed As Gun, Tusks Nabbed. One of the suspects killed is a notorious poacher believed to be behind the killings of rhinos and elephants in the North tourism circuit.
Israel has halted a plan that would have displaced tens of thousands of Bedouins in the southern part of the country. The controversial plan would have involved destroying unrecognized villages in the Negev, and resettling the displaced Bedouin citizens into recognized villages.
Two men arrested for sending anti-Semetic tweets in the UK
N. Korea confirms that Kim Jong-uns uncle was executed for plotting a military coup. First announced execution from within the ruling family.
UN inspectors confirm Syria chemical attack
UKs Largest ISP now blocks porn for all new connections by default
Chinese police shoot 14 dead in Xinjiang riot
Yemeni Government gives $150,000 and 100s of guns as compensation to American drone victims families
Michelle Bachelet wins Presidential seat in Chiles landslide victory promising hike in corporate taxes to 25 percent from 20 percent, to pay for social reforms that include a gradual move to free higher education
Spain wont have enough tanks: Catalonia to vote on independence, defy Madrid
Growing cannibal social network boggles authorities
Indias most wanted tiger skin trader Ranjitsingh Bawaria arrested
Severed hand saved after being attached to mans ankle. A man had his hand fixed to his ankle for a month before doctors successfully reattached it to his arm.
Artist criticised for creating sculpture by pouring molten aluminium into fire ant colony mound.
Get your fill of bananas now; theyre about to get destroyed by fungus
Survivors of garment factory fire in Bangladesh have not received any compensation from big brands including Walmart
Last Australia combat troops leave Afghan base
Drone strikes must end, Yemens parliament says
Google will not answer to British court over UK privacy claim, insists lawsuit concerning UK internet users privacy should be brought in California.
Mapping the Blind Spots: Developer Unearths Secret U.S. Military Bases
Coup Detat Attempt In South Sudan
Ontario is putting an end to coal-burning power plants: ...on the verge of becoming the first industrial region in North America to eliminate all coal-fired electrical generation.
Radioactive cesium from Fukushima is contaminating Japanese forests and soil.
Saudi activist sentenced to 300 lashes and prison time for advocating elections
Amazon workers strike in Germany over long-running pay dispute
Google has been called arrogant and immoral for arguing that a privacy claim brought by internet users in the UK should not be heard by the UK legal system | Google will tell the high court that it should throw out claims that it secretly tracked the browsing habits of millions of iPhone users.
Sharia Law in the UK: Muslim protesters take to Londons streets to demand shops stop selling alcohol and and warned retailers they face 40 lashes if they continue to sell the product.
University of Queensland scientists create first complex human organ produced from stem cells after growing tiny kidney.
A Saudi judge has sentenced a political activist to 300 lashes and four years in prison for calling for a constitutional monarchy in Saudi Arabia
Swedish police say around 28 people have been detained after a group of neo-Nazis attacked an anti-Nazism demonstration in a Stockholm suburb by hurling bottles, torches and firecrackers
Bitcoin loses almost 50% of its value overnight as Chinas largest exchange blocks new deposits
Edward Snowden: These Programs Were Never About Terrorism: Theyre About Economic Spying, Social Control, and Diplomatic Manipulation. Theyre About Power
Swiss banks are quietly warning wealthy U.S. clients with secret accounts to come clean with the tax man in the next two weeks  or risk jail time
An Iraqi policeman gave his own life Wednesday in an attempt to protect Shiite pilgrims, embracing a suicide bomber just moments before an attack to shield others from the blast.
Pope Francis makes move to weaken the ultraconservative arm of the Vaticans Congregation for Bishops by removing two Americans, including Raymond Burke, known for denying communion to abortion rights politicians.
Snowden: I Would Rather Be without a State than without a Voice: Open letter to Brazilian people is a testimony of continued purpose, not a quid pro quo
Merkel compares NSA to Stasi in heated encounter with Obama
Great Barrier Reef approved for extensive dredging by the Australian government - 3 million cubic metres of seabed to be dumped
With a Quota of 1,035 Whales, the Japanese Whaling Fleet Was Only Able to Take 103 Thanks to the Sea Shepherd Society
Edward Snowden doesnt show up once in Googles list of top 2013 searches
NSAs goal is elimination of individual privacy worldwide - Greenwald to EU
European food regulators said on Tuesday that a class of pesticides linked to the deaths of large numbers of honey bees might also harm human health, and recommended that the European Commission further restrict their use.
Scientists cut million-year natural process to convert algae into crude oil to about an hour.
How Wind Met All of Denmarks Electricity Needs for 90 Hours
Swedens experiment with private, for-profit schools and voucher systems is failing
President Obama Chooses Gay Athletes to Represent Sochi Olympics Delegation
Edward Snowdens open letter to the Brazilian people  in full
Pope Francis Christmas message: Place ourselves at the service of the poor
Jailed Pussy Riot members could be freed on Thursday, officials say
Merkel compared NSA to Stasi in heated encounter with Obama - German chancellor furious after revelations US intelligence agency listened in on her personal mobile phone.
Study of Fracking water pollution: increases health risks, interferes with peoples response to male hormones &amp; oestrogen, scientists warn.
UK citizens born in the 1960s and 70s will be the first pensioners since WWII to be worse off than their parents, a study has shown.
Dont call them drones: RAF launches charm offensive for unmanned aircraft - One of the first journalists allowed into Britains top secret drone base reports on its remote Afghan missions
German scientists use molecular scissors to cut HIV out of living cells
Ian Watkins gets 35 year sentence and the two mothers involved in the case also convicted and will serve over 10 years each. One Police officer also suspended due to gross misconduct
NSA Fallout hits American business to the tune of four billion dollars: Brazil ditches Boeing, buys Gripen
Putin says he envies Obama because he can spy on his citizens and get away with it.
Pedophile soccer coach arrested after BURGLAR tells police about child abuse videos.
Report Suggests NSA Engaged In Financial Manipulation, Changing Money In Bank Accounts
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford: Women love money. Give em a couple thousand bucks and they are happy
Saab wins Brazil jets deal after NSA spying sours Boeing bid
Teenager buys 600 of food for 4 pence using supermarket coupons and donates it to families in need.
UK - Porn filters block sex education websites
Pentecostal pastors in Africa push prayer, not drugs, for people with HIV -- pastors invite people infected with HIV to come forward for a public healing, after which they burn the persons anti-retroviral medications and declare the person cured
At this rate, elephants will be wiped out within 10 years - More elephant tusks were seized in 2011 than in any year since 1989, when the trade was banned
Finland intends to build a new data transmission cable through Germany to prevent Sweden from intercepting data and passing it on to NSA
For the first time since the 1959 revolution, Cubans will have the right to buy new and used vehicles
Japanese school cancels US exchange student program over California comfort women monument
The worlds most powerful satellite camera, Gaia. Launched Into Space
Private foundation pays over $500,000 to buy disputed Native American religious relics at auction and return them to Hopi, Apace tribes.
Fracking could be allowed under homes in Britain without owners knowledge | Planning minister says law will be changed so companies do not have to directly notify people about gas drilling in their areas
UK Establishment Closes Ranks as Organised Child Sex Abuse Network Leads Back to No. 10. Elm tree abuse has alleged links to High class MPs, Sir Cliff Richard, MI5 leaders, Heads of social services and convicted pedophiles linked to the BBC
British tax office lost nerve over big avoiders - Treasury is owed 35bn in missing payments, pursued small firms not global giants
European boycott of death penalty drugs lowers rate of US executions: The European-led boycott of medical drugs used by US corrections departments to execute prisoners is having such an impact that it has driven the number of executions to an almost all-time low
Snowden document shows Norway works with U.S. to spy on Russia
Five Turkish police commissioners were sacked a day after the sons of cabinet ministers and prominent businessmen close to PM Tayyip Erdogan were detained in a corruption probe
Facebook removes photo of gay Sikh man kissing another man , sparks debate
The UN General Assembly adopts anti-spy resolution
Chinese journalists face ideology exams from book that states: it is absolutely not permitted for published reports to feature any comments that go against the party line
DNA analysis of early human remains in a Siberian cave, reveals the existence of a mystery human species.
The Supreme Court of Canada has struck down the countrys anti-prostitution laws in a unanimous decision.
Pussy Riot members freed from prison
A prominent Libyan dissident cannot pursue his well-founded claim that he was unlawfully abducted in a joint MI6-CIA operation, and later tortured, because to do so would damage Britains relations with the US, a high court judge ruled on Friday.
Four cops arrested for raping, molesting and threatening a minor schoolgirl for two-and-a-half months.
US Air Force general in charge of 450 nuclear missiles fired for drunken bender on official trip to Moscow. Report finds he offended Russian counterparts with comments on Eric Snowden, tried to repeatedly perform with a bar band, and drunkenly bragged that he saves the world from war every day
China has rejected 545,000 tons of imported US corn found to contain an unapproved genetically modified strain.
North Korea Threatens To Strike South Korea Without Notice - by fax
About 200 cars stolen in Germany have been tracked down in Tajikistan, where most are now driven by family and friends of President Emomali Rakhmon.
Philippine mayor, wife, and 2 others shot and killed at Manila airport
Snowden leak confirms Denmark spying deal with US | Leaked document from NSA lists Denmark as one of nine European countries that collaborates with the 5-Eyes
Uganda passes draconian anti-gay law
Bubonic plague outbreak kills 32 in Madagascar
Policeman sentenced to year in prison for blowing off mans testicles
GCHQ and NSA targeted Israeli PM, charities, Germans, and EU chief
Amnesty International: Nearly 1,000 killed over 2 days in Central African Republic.
Former CIA chief: Snowden should be hanged by the neck until dead
MI6 turned blind eye to torture of rendered detainees, finds Gibson report | Britains intelligence agencies totally unprepared for US response to 9/11 and years later cooperated with interrogations
NZ Customs Refuses To Answer Questions After Revelations Of Illegal Orders To Give FBI Info On Kim Dotcom For Brownie Points
Australian and US scientists reverse ageing in mice, humans could be next
Going green: record 40% of Scotlands electricity is coming from renewables
Girls freed in Nigeria baby factory raid; Nigerian police have raided a home in the southeastern state of Abia where 19 pregnant women were staying with the intent of selling their newborn babies.
Canadian lottery winner donates $40 million jackpot to charity
UK: ake from the poor, but not the rich: Tax authorities accused of siding with big business over small firms and individuals
Anti-ageing compound set for human trials after turning clock back for mice. New South Wales professor in US rolled back the key indicators of ageing to make two-year-old mice appear six months old
Obama deploys small military group to South Sudan
North and South Korea exchange faxes threatening to attack each other
Kim Jong-un very drunk when ordered execution of uncles two aides
Freed Pussy Riot member, on walking out of prison: This is not an amnesty. This is a hoax and a PR move.
North Korean Leader Kim Jong-Uns Uncle was killed because he tried to depose Jong-Un and replace him with his brother. Now all the Uncles men are defecting to the South.
Viral video of Spanish cops hitting female pro-abortionists at protest raises global alarm over the countrys police brutality and tough new abortion law
Girl dies after pharmacy refuses to give her the antidote
Britain: Furious backlash from customers over Muslim policy
No way back for Britons who join the Syrian fight - Theresa May strips jihadists of citizenship to prevent them returning
Creator of chickenpox vaccine dies, age 85
BT Internet filter gives parents option to block gay and lesbian lifestyle content
Edward Snowden will help Germany investigate NSA snooping if it grants him political asylum
Scientists Link Spike in Thyroid Disease to Fukushima Disaster - And so far, 56 percent of children near Fukushima do in fact have a precancerous cyst or a nodule.
Brazils decision to buy Swedish fighter jets instead of F/A-18 Super Hornets from Boeing eliminates its most promising foreign-sales prospect just as the U.S. company faces critical decisions about extending the jets production line past 2016.
Islamic charity officials gave millions to al-Qaeda, U.S. says
A 13-year study of coral reefs spontaneously recovering in the Cayman Islands offers hope of refuting often doomsday forecasts about the worldwide decline of the colorful marine habitat.
Bangladeshi Factory Owners Charged in Fire That Killed 112 workers, Walmart said they were unaware that their apparel was being made in such factories.
Chilling Pictures Taken By The Teenage Photographer Who Was Killed In Syria
Hell for animals: Egypts Giza Zoo beset by tear gas, bear riots and giraffe suicide.
Death on the US-Mexican border: the killings America chooses to ignore. Since 2005, patrol agents and CBP officers have killed some 42 people along the US-Mexican border without facing any public consequences  or any large-scale media coverage
UAE sentences American to 1 year for making parody video of youth culture in Dubai.
Journalists banned from entering police stations across Turkey.
Pregnant asylum seeker denied ultrasound miscarries in Australian detention centre, is told to lower her expectations
No snow in Siberia? Locals marvel - and worry
Prior to a vote today in Armenia to hand over its national natural gas distribution to Russia, an opposition member secretly stole the electronic voting card of all pro-government members, forcing them to resort to voting by a raise of hands as all opposition members walked out.
Tasmania forest threatened by Coalition - Govt to push ahead plan to remove world heritage listing from a swath of Tasmanian forest, potentially reopening bitter divisions over the states timber industry. Plan to roll back hard-won protection branded fundamentally irresponsible.
Uruguays neighbor Argentina now considering marijuana legalization
Renowned rifle inventor Mikhail Kalashnikov dies at 94
Richard Branson: Boycott Uganda over gay rights - UK business tycoon Richard Branson has called on companies and tourists to boycott Uganda after its parliament approved a bill to toughen the punishment for homosexual acts.
Alan Turing Pardoned
Edward Snowden, after months of NSA revelations, says his missions accomplished
Israel launches airstrike in Gaza Strip in retaliation for deadly shooting
Surgeon suspended over claims he branded patients liver with his own initials.
Egypt declares Muslim Brotherhood terrorist group
Edward Snowden: I already won
Lung Cancer: A Cloud on Chinas Polluted Horizon - Chinas doctors are starting to speak of link between air pollution &amp; lung cancer. Youngest known patient is 8-yr-old girl in Jiangsu. Another is 14-yr-old of Shanghai, daughter of nonsmokers with no family history of lung cancer.
The NSA has granted the Swedish FRA access to one of the most controversial systems in its global mass surveillance. Called Xkeyscore, the system makes it possible to monitor millions of people worldwide.
On Friday, Reuters reported that RSA entered into a secret contract to make DUAL_EC_PRNG the default random number generator in the BSAFE toolkit. DUA_EC_PRNG is now known to have been backdoored by the NSA -- Yesterday, RSA denied it
GlaxoSmithKline Forced To Stop Paying Doctors To Promote Drugs After Major Bribery Investigation
Chinas central bank has been forced to pump nearly $50 billion into the financial system to prevent a second damaging cash crunch this year.
Poachers Kill 3 of Malawis Rare Black Rhinos  Wire snares &amp; traps set by poachers cost Malawian National Parks 3 Critically Endangered Black Rhinoceros re-introduced 20 yrs ago after the species was declared extinct. Lack of a fence, not built due to financial scandal, let poachers enter.
Germanys Largest Utility Ditches 2 Long-Term Contracts for Coal Power - The move could signal yet another shift in Germanys power mix, as renewables boom &amp; expected electricity prices for 2014 drop.
U.S. Marines poised to enter South Sudan
BP Geologist:  we are pretty much at peak today... expect more famine, more drought, more resource wars and a steady inflation in the energy cost of all commodities.
Wal-Mart in China accused of passing off fox meat as donkey meat
UN finds mass grave with 75 bodies in South Sudan
Inventor of Kalashnikov rifle dies
Alan Turing, the World War Two codebreaker who later killed himself after receiving a criminal conviction for his homosexuality, is granted a Royal pardon by the Queen
South Sudan sees mass ethnic killings
Obama to make a definitive statement on NSA spying in January
Thyroid Cancers Surge Among Fukushima Youths
Internet privacy as important as human rights, says UNs Navi Pillay | Navi Pillay compares uproar over mass surveillance to response that helped defeat apartheid during Today programme
In a message broadcast on British television, Edward J. Snowden, the former American security contractor, urged an end to mass surveillance, arguing that the electronic monitoring he has exposed surpasses anything imagined by George Orwell in 1984, a dystopian vision of an all-knowing state
Reddits /r/NorthKoreaNews raised over $2500 to rescue a North Korean refugee on a modern underground railroad
Egypt names Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group - Egypts military-backed interim government has declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group, a dramatic escalation that gives authorities more power in cracking down on them.
Police open fire on protesters in Bangkok. 96 injured.
Judge Rules That NSA Can Only Spy On Phone Records Of 6.7 Billion Non-Americans
The body of a Mapuche Indian leader has been found in Chile, floating in the reservoir she spent a decade trying to prevent from being created
Hong Kong confirms first death from H7N9 bird flu
Bletchley Park accused of airbrushing Edward Snowden from history. NSA whistleblower omitted from new exhibition on cyber security as museum says it does not want to be seen to back his actions
Egyptian government Declares the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization
Flesh-eating piranhas inflict deep wounds on 60 Christmas Day swimmers.
Large sharks to be baited, killed, and dumped offshore to keep Western Australian beaches safe.
At least 15 rare Indian bisons have mysteriously died in Thailands national park the past few days - Food poisoning considered likeliest cause. They are among the largest living land animals.
Pope To Atheists: We Need Your Help
New Zealand is not as clean and pure as the NZ Gov would have you think - 1 in 3 NZ beaches are too polluted to swim in, and the government whilst knowing about it, have the attitude that people should just use the clean beaches rather than them doing anything about the pollutants.
Snowden Says Surveillance Worse Than Orwells 1984 Envisioned
A pensioner who took out a newspaper advert to avoid spending Christmas alone for the 10th year in a row enjoyed the occasion in the company of a couple who read about his plight.
Saudi activist could be executed for alleged apostasy
Chinese-made computer input system banned in Japanese government agencies
Cryptolocker ransomware has infected about 250,000 PCs....
Egypt names Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group
Exposed: BitTorrent Pirates at the European Parliament, And More Unexpected Places
Government Shakedown in Turkey
Floods leave 50,000 Brazilians homeless
BBC News - Edward Snowden Christmas message: End mass surveillance
Tony Blair and George Bush exchanged voluminous correspondence prior to the start of military operations in Iraq. Now, the UK is moving to declassify details of the talks for an inquiry into Britains involvement in the conflict, British media reported.
A trolley bus blast in the Russian city of Volgograd has killed at least 10 people, emergencies services reported. The explosion comes a day after a terrorist attack in the city killed 17 people
Glenn Greenwald Says NSA, GCHQ Dismayed They Dont Have Access To In-Flight Internet Communication: The very idea that human beings can communicate for even a few moments without their ability to monitor is intolerable.
2000 tons of explosives disappear from chemical plant in Yekaterinburg, Russia
Saudi Prince faces execution for murder.
IT firms lose billions after NSA scandal exposed by whistleblower Edward Snowden
15 Palestinians die of hunger in Syria camp
The sun has fully flipped upside down, with its north and south poles reversed to reach the midpoint of Solar Cycle 24. Now, the magnetic fields have once again started moving in opposite directions. To mark the event, Nasa has released a visualisation of the entire process.
Pedophile let go by italian justice because the 11 years old victim was deemed to be in love (source in french)
Special Report: Japans homeless recruited for murky Fukushima clean-up
Regarding the Top Secret NSA catalog reveals US government has been secretly back dooring here are some scans. Just click the red dots or arrows, documents are english
Clothing factories across Cambodia shut following strikes - Our industry is unable to continue operations given the current situation
Man survives first week with artificial heart after world-first operation
Latin America has a homophobic killings problem -The gruesome murders of gays in the region are shocking. So is how rarely the violence gets reported.
Antarctic ship passengers to be evacuated by Chinese helicopter
Egypt Detains Al Jazeera English Journalists for Broadcasting False News
Its against the law to see God in Pakistan. Two who claimed to have done do face death for blasphemy
Toronto police officer strips naked hundreds of people
Dolphins Getting High On Puffer Fish, Zoologist Rob Pilley Says
The NSA Has A Way To Intercept Computers Mid-Shipment And Install Spyware On Them
Al Jazeera demands Egypt release journalists. Broadcaster urges immediate and unconditional release of detained staff, calling their arrest arbitrary.
Anti-Female Genital Mutilation Campaigners Make Progress in Egypt
Russia Revises Their Definition of Gay Propaganda; It Can Include Any Negative Portrayal of Heterosexuality
Private talks between Tony Blair and George Bush on Iraq war to be published.
98-year-old photo negatives discovered in Antarctica
The Japanese Mob Is Hiring Homeless People to Clean Up Fukushima
U.S. Furious With Israel After Sale of Advanced Military Technology to China
Leaked documents from Jacob Appelbaum show NSA can see every communication through backdoor access to your iPhone
The NSAs elite hackers can hijack your Wi-Fi from 8 miles away | Alongside pre-packaged exploits that allowed control over iOS devices and any phone communicating through GSM, Appelbaum detailed a device that targets computers through packet injection, seeding exploits from up to 8 miles away.
Mass murderer Breivik treated better than hacker, campaign says
Terrorists planned to nuke Indian city and quietly paste evacuation posters in mosques to save Muslims
Women threatened with deportation after exposing sexual harassment at UK detention centre
Uruguay may have started a marijuana legalization storm in Latin America (x-post from /r/LatinAmerica)
British ex-spy launches foundation to support whistleblowers | Annie Machon, a former MI5 operative who blew the whistle on the UKs dubious spying activities, has started a new fund to support other whistleblowers such as former NSA contractor Edward Snowden.
NSA can turn on your iPhones camera, mic without you knowing
Frances 75% millionaire tax to become law
Chinese doctor has admitted in court that she stole babies from the hospital where she worked and sold them to human traffickers, China state media and a court said.
Indian boy is stripped, hanged upside-down and beaten to death for stealing biscuits
The NSA Reportedly Has Total Access To The Apple iPhone
Kim Jong-uns $300 million ski resort boondoggle is really, truly, almost finished
NSA Uses Windows Error Messages To Spy On People
Researchers find 7,300-mile ring of mercury around tar sands in Canada - Bitumen in the tar sands being excavated to produce oil is the likely culprit of the mercury deposits
Everything that the United States government accused the Chinese of doing  which they are also doing, I believewe are learning that the US government has been doing to American companies, Secret NSA spy programs exposed at conference in Germany by security researcher Jacob Appelbaum
Israel May Start Paying for All Abortions for Women Between 20 &amp; 33 Years Old - Health officials indicate they eventually intend to expand it to offer abortion funding to women of all ages.
China Says 8 Million Acres Of Farmland Now Too Polluted For Food
Egypt confiscates assets of more than 500 leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood in crackdown
Passengers Ridicule Canadian Airline for Sexist Ticket Policy - Maybe let your bosses know that those of us who are not married to June Cleaver find this deeply insulting, one passenger tweeted at Air Canada.
While the media gave nonstop coverage to the drama of Phil Robertson, this was happening in Uganda with the support of U.S. churches.
Energy minister wants four million solar panels installed on government land and buildings
Thai street vendors using hospital x-ray films to make bulletproof vests to sell
Update: U.S. Customs Wont Apologize for Destroying Musicians Rare Flutes
UK Porn Filter blocks legitimate file-sharing services, download portals for Linux distributions
Kim Jong Uns uncle, Jang Song Thaeks brutal execution: stripped naked and eaten alive by 120 hungry hounds.
Indian gang-rape victim, 16, died Tuesday, a week after she said two suspects of the 6 men who repeatedly raped her in October had set her on fire. Autopsy reveals she was pregnant - childs DNA will be matched against suspects.
NSA seeks to build quantum computer that could crack most types of encryption
Canadian government is dismantling key libraries and is destroying priceless collections as well as 100 years of scientific research in the process.
Bill Gates worlds richest person again. Microsoft founder regains top position from Mexican telecoms magnate Carlos Slim, with estimated fortune of $78.5bn.
China Says Over 3 Million Hectares of Land, the size of Belgium, Too Polluted to Farm
Drugs firms routinely withhold results of medical trials from doctors, researchers and patients. Damning report by MPs warns that doctors and patients are being undermined on treatment options.
Malaysian court rules that Allah is exclusive to Islam, seizes Bibles.
2013 confirmed as Australias hottest year on record.
US will evacuate South Sudan embassy staff.
Indian army will deploy 40,000 strong mountain strike corps division by 2016 along disputed areas bordering/claimed by China.
Israel successfully tests Arrow space missile interceptor
Fukushima ghost towns struggle to recover amid high radiation levels - Post-tsunami reconstruction &amp; radiation cleanup could take 10 years, but officials say something has been permanently lost
Chinese meth village in massive raid, 3 tons of meth seized
BBC News - Pakistan government restores ancient Hindu temple
Hubble Space Telescope spots clouds on alien worlds. Astronomers have spotted clouds in the atmospheres of two planets outside our solar system, with a pair of research papers suggesting that these sorts of cloudy alien worlds might be far more common than previously thought.
Antarctic rescue: Chinese vessel may now be stuck in ice
Chinas San Francisco consulate was set on fire last night by unknown attackers.
U.N.: Children beheaded as violence grows in Central African Republic
Russian Muslim Convert Behind Deadly Bus Bombing: Why Should We Follow Those Christian Commandments, When Allah, May He Be Glorified, Urges Us To Fight Those Infidels?
Margaret Thatcher was secretly preparing to use troops and declare a state of emergency at the height of the miners strike  out of fear Britain was going to run out of food and grind to a halt, government papers released today reveal.
World War II Bomb detonated in germany, 1 dead.
Mexico subway dig turns up unusual Aztec offering
Swedish justice minister falls for Daily Currant spoof story on marijuana deaths, calling incident stupid and sad.
Mexican vigilante gunmen disarm local POLICE so they can rid town of feared Knights Templar drug cartel
Zambian opposition leader charged with calling president a potato
Boss-napping returns in France as unionists lock up and humiliate Goodyear executives
Glenn Greenwald: There are more Snowden documents on Israel
Saudi Arabia: Survey shows men blame women for rising cases of molestation
Around 350 Turkish police officers were removed from their posts in Ankara overnight in the biggest single reported police shakeup since a corruption probe rocked the government last month
Legendary film producer and the man behind iconic films like Bladerunner and the Hong Kong Kung Fu film genre, Sir Run Run Shaw dies aged 106
Syrian rebels free 50 prisoners, including Turkish journalist, held captive by rivals affiliated with Al-Qaeda
Tunisia enshrines gender equality in constitution
Senegal seizes Russian vessel for illegal fishing
Israel: Up to five year sentence for uploading sexual content without consent or knowledge of those in it
Hundreds of Romanian Roma evicted from camp in France
The Turkish government dismisses 350 police officers in the capital Ankara in an anti-corruption operation, reports say.
Vatican denies pope is open to recognition of gay civil unions
Canada planning to sell guns and military equipment to developing countries to maintain domestic arms industry
H1N1 flu in Alberta causes 10 deaths
Israels new law to send revenge porn uploaders to jail for five years
Thousands of bats killed by hot weather in Queensland
Erdogan family drawn into corruption probe | In the wake of a sweeping corruption probe, the Turkish opposition has requested a parliamentary inquiry into the relationship between Prime Minister Erdogans son Bilal and a Saudi Arabian businessman.
The Plight of the Roma: Europes Unwanted People - Over 10 million Roma live in Europe. Tens of thousands of them are fleeing westwards from poverty &amp; discrimination. But EU member states arent helping them.
More Israel disclosures in Snowdens trove of significant stories  Greenwald
Hong Kong entertainment tycoon Run Run Shaw dies at 107
Family missing after freak wave sweeps them away during a grieving ceremony for dead father
Snowden has more U.S.-Israel secrets to expose: Greenwald
Mozilla Calls On World To Protect Firefox Browser From the NSA
Confired: The DEA Struck A Deal With Mexicos Most Notorious Drug Cartel
Palm Oil Company Fined for Burning Only Place on Earth Where Tigers, Elephants, Rhinos, &amp; Orangutans Live Together in the Wild  Indonesian court finds PT Kallista Alam firm guilty of illegally burning large swathes of Sumatran Forest.
The Americans have lied to us - Germany loses hope of signing no-spy treaty with US in wake of NSA scandal
Pakistan to name school, stadium after teenager who died stopping suicide bomber
Melting glaciers in northern Italy reveal corpses of WW1 soldiers
Spain Youth Unemployment Rises To Record 57.7%, Surpasses Greece
Pirate Bay Founder Gets Access to His Books After Public Outcry: Danish authorities are now allowing Gottfrid Svartholm to access the books he brought from Sweden. Previously, the police feared that these books could contain secret messages
China is now requiring all fisherman in the Pacific waters it claims to seek Chinas approval before fishing. Other countries have responded angrily to Chinas new jurisdiction claim, declaring it illegal and invalid.
China cloning on an industrial scale
Afghan atheist granted UK asylum -- An Afghan man is believed to have become the first atheist to be granted asylum in the UK on the basis of his views on religion and could set a significant precedent in asylum and immigration cases
Car-Free City: Hamburg Announces Audacious 20-Year Plan to Eliminate Need for Automobiles
MegaUploads Kim Dotcom set to establish own political Party in New Zealand
Nurse Arrested For Selling Babies Exposes Chinas Child Trafficking Problem
Tensions between Muslims and Christians in CAR culminate in act of public cannibalism
Nigerian president signs anti-gay bill into law - made it illegal for gay people to even hold a meeting
US will not enter bilateral no-spy agreement with Germany, says media: Despite assurance from Barack Obama, United States has not ruled out bugging political leaders calls, claims German paper
NSA Data Have No Impact on Terrorism: Report
Nigerias president has signed a law that bans same-sex marriage and criminalizes homosexual associations, societies and meetings, with penalties of up to 14 years in jail
India three years polio-free. Great achievement considering the fact that 20 years ago there used to be 50 000 to 100 000 cases every year.
The U.S. Army tested biological weapons in Okinawa in the early 1960s, when the prefecture was still under U.S. rule, according to U.S. documents obtained by Kyodo News.
French Presidents approval ratings go up after report hes having an affair with an actress
The Dutch government is planning to make prisoners pay 16 a day for their time in jail
Saudi religious cops tell women not to use swings
Mexican vigilantes seize cartel bastion
WikiLeaks releases long sought Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) Environment draft
New Memo: Kissinger Gave the Green Light for Argentinas Dirty War. That resulted in the disappearancethat is, deathsof an estimated 30,000 people.
Urn containing Sigmund Freuds ashes smashed in raid on London crematorium
Why the DEA Let the Worlds Tech-Savviest Drug Cartel Do As It Pleased for 12 Years
As per newly declassified documents, in 1984, Britain assisted in the desecration and destruction of the Golden Temple, Sikhisms holiest shrine.
Man tries to self-immolate (set himself on fire) after tribal council [jirga] tells him to wed his underage daughters to the sons of a policeman. PAKISTAN
Japan to test magnetic net that can fish out floating space junk
Danish tourist robbed, beaten and gang-raped in India.
Iranian born former US air defense contractor caught smuggling boxes of secret documents to Iran, including thousands of pages contained in dozens of manuals/binders relating to F-35 fighter jet
Starvation reported at Palestinian camp in Syria. Disturbing images of emaciated children and elderly people who appear to have died of hunger are emerging from a Palestinian refugee camp on the edge of Damascus.
Report: NSA uses radio pathways to access computers even when machines are not connected to the internet.
Insane Photos Show Mexican Vigilantes Battling A Drug Cartel For Control Of A City
Saudi Arabian womens rights: Govt will no longer text a womans male guardian if she leaves the country
Sickened Fukushima Worker: Employees beaten, threatened with death for speaking out (VIDEO)
Vatican To Be Grilled By UN On Allegations It Enabled Rape Of Children
Canadas carbon emissions projected to soar by 2030. Tar sands expected to help drive 38% increase in emissions. We in Canada are living an Orwellian nightmare when it comes to our government and climate. (x-post /r/everythingscience)
US physically hacks 100,000 foreign computers
The $8 Million Mayor: My Wealth Comes From God. Indonesian anti-corruption investigators are not so sure.
Man caught with pipe bomb at Edmonton airport allowed to fly anyway.
Frontline: Secret State of North Korea. Footage smuggled out by a network of journalists and defectors offers an unprecedented look inside the Hermit Kingdom. At least in China, they have free speech, said one North Korean in her Pyongyang apartment.
Mexican army shooting unarmed civilians; trying to take down the Autodefensas
Chinas young are following in Jack Kerouacs footsteps: Chafing under social expectations, they fantasize about travelling to exotic places and leaving work or school far behind
Palestinians starve to death in South Damascus
Indonesian Maids are Hong Kongs Modern-Day Slaves
Chinese Doctor Who Sold Newborns to Human Traffickers Sentenced to Death
UN: Online Privacy Now Considered a Human Right
Uganda president refuses to approve anti-gay Bill
The Economist talks about The coming storm - 47% of todays jobs could be automated within 20 years No government is prepared for it. Suggests a radical rethinking of education and redistributive taxes towards lower-wage workers
84-year-old Canadian died in handcuffs while in U.K. immigration lockup: watchdog
NSA collects millions of text messages daily in untargeted global sweep
Fervently Anti-Gay Uganda Among Worlds Top Gay Porn Consumers Behind Fervently Anti-Gay Pakistan
Growing Number Of People Agree That Ed Snowden Is A Whistleblower
The self-proclaimed mastermind of the September 11 attacks, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, has released a manifesto claiming that the Quran forbids the use of violence to spread Islam
Neurosurgeons from Poland transplanted nerve cells taken from the nose of man that had his spinal cord injured. He can move his legs now. (Google translate)
Japans last WWII straggler dies at 91 - Hiroo Onoda, the last Japanese imperial soldier to emerge from hiding and surrender 29 years after the end of World War II, has died.
Ugandan president refuses to approve law jailing gay people for life
Putins Message to Gays in Sochi: Leave Children in Peace - Gay people should feel comfortable at the Sochi Olympics but leave children in peace, Russias President Vladimir Putin said Friday.
Spain becomes first country to rely on wind as top energy source
Mexican vigilante groups refuse to be disarmed by the military
Activists in Wuhan block truck carrying 2,800 cats headed for Slaughter
Italian MP puts on blackface in anti-immigration tirade, saying that all white Italians should do the same so as to receive benefits, free housing and preferential treatment African migrants do
Buddhist Mob Group Kills Dozens of Muslims in Myanmar.
Vladimir Putin: We do not have a ban on non-traditional sexual relationships. We have a ban on the propaganda of homosexuality and paedophilia. I want to underline this. Propaganda among children. These are absolutely different things  a ban on something or a ban on the propaganda of that thing.
Young Greek convicted 10 months with parole for insulting religion, by facebook page with the Greek offshoot of the Flying Spaghetti Monster.
A 79-year old feminist, peace activist, film-maker and member of Aosdna has been jailed for three months in Limerick Prison in relation to protests over US military use of Shannon Airport.
Vomit fee proposed for Torontos taxi cabs
Metals, Currency Rigging Worse Than Libor, Bafin Chief Says
A blogger in Greece has been sentenced to 10 months in prison for blasphemy because he satirized a Greek Orthodox monk
Jamaican Bobsled Team on verge of qualifying for Sochi Olympics, first time since 2002
Ukraine passes sweeping legislation against acts of protest
Mexico Just Legalized Vigilantism And Then Captured A Huge Cartel Leader
World-first Edward Snowden interview reveals NSA spying on billions of innocents. Its clear that there are times where what is lawful is distinct from what is rightful... and it doesnt take long for an American or German to think of historic examples.
Worlds Largest Shark Slaughterhouse Uncovered in China
Salvation Army officers locked boys in cage, raped and beat them while the Armys leadership often failed to discipline or remove the perpetrators
ISPs No Longer Have to Block The Pirate Bay, Dutch Court Rules
Spains prime minister is trying to ban abortion despite almost no support from the people - In the midst of a jobs crisis and economic dysfunction, Spain now must face a bitter debate over government plans to radically restrict womens rights.
Ugandan president Yoweri Museveni said he will only sign the countrys Anti-Homosexuality Bill if scientists can prove that gay people are not born that way
NSA and GCHQ target leaky phone apps like Angry Birds to scoop user data
Congress secretly approves U.S. weapons flow to moderate Syrian rebels
Hairless hero: Iranian teacher shaves head in solidarity with bullied pupil: Ali Mohammadians gesture, copied by his entire class of 23 pupils, stops bullying and attracts praise from all over country
Sochi Olympics sponsor Coca-Cola wants to share a Coke, but not with gay people: Coca-Colas bid to downplay its sponsorship of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics took a blow this week, when it emerged that the word gay is banned from its customisable share a Coke function.
Ukraine president accepts resignation of PM, entire cabinet
The British government is unlawfully hiding over a million documents about its colonial past. But it could soon be forced to release them.
Rooftop solar PV will soon be cheaper than coal : Even in northern Germany, where there is little sun, solar can be generated at 0.14c/kWh, half the cost of grid-based electricity.
President Mahmoud Abbas of the Palestinian Authority said in an interview aired Tuesday that he could accept an Israeli military presence in the West Bank for a three-year transition period as part of a peace deal.
In North Korea, meth is offered as casually as a cup of tea
NSA uses apps like Angry Birds to snatch your personal data including players location, age, sex and other personal information
Chinese steelmakers and power plants are being forced to shop around for higher-quality raw materials to meet tougher air pollution standards, a move that will be a boon for global mining giants that produce premium-grade iron ore and coal.
Anyone using Google Maps on a smartphone is working in support of a GCHQ system one 2008 document from the British intelligence agency is quoted as saying.
Jew, France is Not Yours Chant Anti-Government Demonstrators in Paris
Convicted Chinese ivory smuggler faces a record $233,000 fine or 7-years in jail in Kenya
Flatulent cows start fire at German dairy farm
Ukraine to scrap anti-protest law
Swedish divers unearth a Stone Age Atlantis: 11,000-year-old ancient settlement discovered under the Baltic Sea
Ukrainian prime minister offers to resign
Angry Birds website hacked following NSA spying allegations, displaying a message saying Spying Birds with one of their iconic Angry Birds bearing an NSA logo on its forehead
Danish government implodes over opposition against a deal with Goldman Sachs, to sell them stocks with veto rights over our energy infrastructure
The EU is developing a secret plan to give the police the power to control cars by switching the engine off remotely
Let Banks Fail Is Iceland Mantra as 2% Joblessness in Sight
Photos of Ukrainian uprising. Includes a dude with a colander on his head, humans on fire and lots of molotov cocktails.
Insane, Disgusting and Epic Treachery: NSA Spied on Climate Talks Obama admin. clearly never wanted Copenhagen talks to work, says Bill McKibben following latest NSA revelations concerning climate talks
Scarlett Johansson quits Oxfam charity over her controversial support of company with factory in the occupied Palestinian territories
Russia to monitor 100% of communications at Sochi Games, says Russia openly
A noted professor who regularly provides commentary on an NHK AM radio show in Japan, has resigned from the program in protest over the public broadcasters demand that nuclear power not be discussed until after the Feb. 9 Tokyo gubernatorial election.
New Snowden Docs: U.S. Spied on Negotiators At 2009 Climate Summit
A record number of foreign citizens were deported from Norway last year, after countrys police stepped up the use of deportation as a way of fighting crime.
Danish Government Nearly Collapsed Over Deal With Goldman Sachs
Ukraine on verge of civil war, says ex-president
In Germany, memories of repressive national spying inflamed by U.S. surveillance
Female genital mutilation affects a fifth of young girls in sub-Saharan Africa: Almost one in five young girls in sub-Saharan Africa are still forced to endure female genital mutilation, according to a UN report that paints a grim picture of the state of the worlds children.
Top lawyer finds GCHQ spying is illegal &amp; UK spies who help US drone strike may be accessories to murder
China bans smoking in schools, including kindergarten
UK House of Lords pass Gagging Bill, a bill designed to stop charities and trade unions from criticising the government.
Threats to Sochi Olympics Whistleblower: You Will Be Drowned in Blood!
The Ukrainian Parliament recently repealed harsh rules against freedom of speech and assembly, but rather than sign the repeal into law, PM Yanukovych goes on sick leave, leaving the harsh rules in place
Jews, Out of France! Around 17000 March in Paris Chanting Anti-Semitic Slurs
Egypt said it would try 20 people who work for the Al Jazeera television channel on charges they belong to a terrorist group, drawing U.S. allegations that the military-backed government is trying to muzzle dissent.
Hunan couple recycles 9 million of plastic bottles a year to send their sons to university
NSA spied on Copenhagen UN climate summit  Snowden leak
US-Funded Hospital in Afghanistan Has 3 Light Bulbs, Forces Staff to Wash Newborns in River Water
Guardian reveals threats of imprisonment and closure over Snowden leaks: The British government threatened to jail Guardian editor Alan Rusbridger and close the newspaper last July, over the newspapers reporting of the Edward Snowden revelations
South Koreans drink twice as much liquor as Russians and more than four times as much as Americans
The spy agency which illegally monitored Kim Dotcoms communications has admitted deleting information needed in the upcoming $6 million damages hearing, according to the tycoon
Pope: unjust unemployment can mean sin, suicide He noted that sometimes unjust social conditions like unemployment lead to this type of destitution by depriving people of the dignity of work and access to education and health care.
Rights Group Releases Video of LGBT Attacks in Russia
The truth behind the luxury of Qatar Airways  Flight attendants treated like slaves
As war on corruption mounts, Chinas rich flee to America - The US grants far more green cards to wealthy Chinese as president Xi Jinping cracks down.
Ukraine discussion thread #3 (sticky post)
4,600-Year-Old Step Pyramid Uncovered in Egypt. The pyramid, which predates the Great Pyramid of Giza, is one of seven for which its function remains a mystery.
Ukrainian customs block 10 tons of humanitarian aid for Maidan protestors
Oilsands air pollutants underestimated, researchers find
India to build worlds largest solar plant - Facility will triple the countrys solar capacity and dwarf existing photovoltaic arrays.
Much of Sochi is a work in progress, and parts of it look at least a dozen all-nighters away from completion. There are unfinished hotels, half-finished stores and a mall where the only shop that is open and thriving is a Cinnabon.
BBC News - Governor of Japan broadcaster NHK denies Nanjing massacre
Saudi King Abdullah Bin Abdul Aziz issued a royal decree on Monday saying any citizen who fights in conflicts outside the Kingdom could face jail
US-Backed Afghan President Hamid Karzai Calls The Taliban His Brothers, Slams US Presence In Afghanistan
Scotlands same-sex marriage bill to be given final approval
Tar Sands Toxins with Keystone XL Link Underestimated | The Canadian government may have underestimated emissions of carcinogens known as polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, or PAHs, from the Alberta tar sands, and they may be a major hazard to both human and ecosystem health.
Australia permits dredge dumping near Great Barrier Reef for major coal port
Man attempts bank robbery wanting to go to jail, fails and ends up with a cup of coffee instead of cash.
Russian dad talks killer son into freeing classroom full of hostages (with video)
Pakistan Has A Months Worth Of Water Left and 5% Of Its Tree Cover. 80% of Pakistans agriculture relies on irrigation from the overstressed water system
Germany wants Britain to stay in EU because it stops Europe from going to war - The history before the First world war was of not talking to each other, of alienation, of nationalisms.
NSA Scandal Boosts German Tech Industry: The German IT sector is hoping to profit from trust lost in American technology firms in the aftermath of the NSA spying scandal. But critics warn that plans to create a European routing system could affect the openness of the Internet.
One-year prison sentence for 21-year-old Twitter user who glorified terrorists
The system that provides half the drinking water to South Americas largest city, Sao Paulo, will run dry in 45 days if theres no rain, amid the biggest drought on record.
Goldman Sachs Sued for Selling Libya Billions in Worthless Options
A dog shelter backed by a Russian billionaire is engaged in a frantic last-ditch effort to save hundreds of strays facing a death sentence before the Winter Olympics
Weed-Legalizing President Nominated For Nobel Peace Prize
3 tons of seized illegal ivory crushed in Paris
How UK spies committed DoS attacks against Anonymous - Regular citizens would face 10 years in prison and enormous fines for committing a DoS / DDoS attack. The same applies if they encouraged or assisted in one. But if you work in the government, it seems like youre an exception to the rule.
Vatican kept a code of silence on Child Sexual Abuse by Priests, says UN Report
Fuck the EU, frustrated US Assistant Secretary of State says to US Ambassador to Ukraine in a leaked phone call about inaction and indecision by the European Union in solving Ukraines political crisis.
Female genital mutilation is banned but very much alive in the UK
Scientists have likely found Charlemagnes skeleton
Giant jellyfish, never encountered before, found on Australian beach
Former German chancellor: US has no respect
The Harper Government Insists its Legal to Collect Metadata
Bionic hand allows patient to feel. Dennis Aabo was able to feel what was in his hand via sensors connected to nerves in his upper arm. Scientists have created a bionic hand which allows the amputee to feel lifelike sensations from their fingers.
Tony Abbott launching a full-frontal attack on renewable energy industry. The environment minister, Greg Hunt, jumped out of a plane to support a previous save our solar campaign on the grounds that Labors decision to means-test the then $8,000 subsidy was putting the industry into freefall.
Frozen Slovenia is witnessing The Worst Devastation In Living Memory
Israel said willing to give up 90% of West Bank
Fire Destroys Iron Mountain Data Warehouse, Argentinas Bank Records Lost
Winter Olympics 2014: Sochis day of reckoning has finally come  just dont look too closely
Ukrainian activist forced to admit being U.S. spy under torture
How Big Is Sochis Terrorism Problem? It would be safer if we had the Olympics in North Korea. At least they dont have an active terrorist group blowing things up.
Turkish MPs endorse internet control law: Despite opposition from press freedom groups, Turkeys parliament approved a bill tightening control of Internet.
17-year-old Fahma Mohamed calls on Michael Gove to help end female genital mutilation in the UK | She wants the education secretary to write to headteachers and ask them to train and inform teachers and parents about practice, which has affected an estimated 66,000 women and girls in the UK.
Legal experts gobsmacked after British judge orders Mormon leader to prove faiths origins
Over 400 dead dolphins wash up on northern Peru beaches
Women in Tokyo are threatening a sex boycott against any man who votes for the front-runner in this weekends gubernatorial election, in protest at his claim that menstruation makes women unfit for government.
UK: Police will have backdoor access to health records despite opt-out, says MP | David Davis says police would be able to approach central NHS database without a warrant as critics warn of catastrophic breach of trust
HSBC settlement approved: no criminal charges, 5 weeks profit in fines, deferred bonuses for laundering billions for narco-terrorists
There are spy-cams in Olympic showers, Russian Deputy PM admits
Massive protests in cities all over Bosnia. Citizens torching government buildings.
China fury at Japanese claim that Nanjing massacre never took place: Board member at Japans state broadcaster denies infamous wartime slaughter of tens of thousands ever happened
Saudi female student dies after male ambulance crew denied access: University officials argued that the ambulance staff were males and could not enter the premises
Great Barrier Reef on brink of devastation in relentless quest for coal
Why 2,000 passengers just rioted at an airport in China - more than 2,000 delayed passengers stormed check-in counters at an airport in Henan province, smashing computers and equipment, in response to the airports five-hour long shutdown because of snow.
Myanmar arrests five journalists for reporting the governments hiding a chemical weapons production plant.
Chinas military worries that its only-child recruits are wimps - Chinas millions of only childrenknown as little emperors for how they are doted upon by parents and grandparentsmay turn out to be terrible soldiers.
The World Banks former chief economist wants to replace the US dollar with a single global super-currency, saying it will create a more stable global financial system. The dominance of the greenback is the root cause of global financial and economic crises, Justin Yifu Lin told Bruegel
900,000 year old footprints in the UK have been confirmed as human
76-year-old German woman celebrates birthday with cocaine binge in Berlin bar
Video emerged of military dog taken hostage by Taliban.
Thousands of Saudis vented their anger online over a report that staff at a Riyadh university had barred male paramedics from entering a womens-only campus to assist a student who had suffered a heart attack and later died
Bosnian police use stun grenades, rubber bullets as protesters torch government building  reports
Russia bans Bitcoin
Big Pharma presses US to quash cheap drug production in India
Message to North Korea engagers: Youre helping Kim Jong - People in Pyongyang and Wonsan have been watching buses disgorge respectful Europeans and Americans for years now. The regime spins these visits as pilgrimages, and the locals are invested enough in the national life-lie to believe it.
A Nobel Peace Prize for legalizing marijuana  why not? -- Uruguays President Jos Pepe Mujica has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for the second year in a row  for legalizing marijuana.
Winning the lottery makes you more conservative, study finds: A sudden windfall makes people less compassionate and 18% of winners immediately switched support to conservatives
Solar Water Pumps Wean Farmers From Indias Archaic Grid - My crops would have failed if I hadnt opted for a solar pump.
Leaked tape, US involvement in Ukraine.
Third day of demonstrations in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Government buildings are on fire.
Glenn Greenwald and Jeremy Scahill: The NSAs Secret Role in the U.S. Assassination Program. At least 273 civilians in Pakistan, Yemen and Somalia have been killed
Images of the Flying Spaghetti Monster banned from a London university for being religiously offensive
Swiss vote Yes on Limits to Immigration: 50.3% yes/49.7% no
Google promised change to avoid $5bn fine by the European Commission. Google has been unethically favoring its products in internet searches.
Frances tough stance on female genital mutilation is working, say campaigners - Parents &amp; cutters have been jailed in France but concerns remain that parents go abroad  including to UK  for FGM
UK borrowed US drones to carry out unreported strikes in Afghanistan - The UK has used American drones over 250 times to carry out previously unreported attacks in Afghanistan, the MoD has admitted
Girl meets homeless Jamaican man in London, promises to get him home. Crowdfunds 3k in 24 hours.
Catholics and church at odds on contraception, divorce and abortion: Survey in 12 countries finds 78% of Catholics support contraception and 65% think abortion should be allowed
NASA is now accepting applications from companies that want to mine the moon
Joint investigation, Australian Broadcasting Commissions 4 Corners and The Australian: Israeli army targeting Palestinian boys with violent interrogations, thought to be intelligence gathering. Unicef released report on ill-treatment of Palestinian minors in 2013
Anti-government protests continue in Ukraine: About 70,000 gather in central Kiev demanding presidents resignation and formation of pro-Western government.
A confidential email shows a top Chinese regulator directly asked JP Morgans chief executive, for afavor to hire a job applicant - Federal authorities are now investigating whether the hiring at JPMorgan was done explicitly to win business from Chinese companies
Glenn Greenwald Launches New Site The Intercept With Story On The NSAs Role In Targeted Killings
[xpost from r/ecursiveRevolt] Fake-food scandal revealed as tests show third of products mislabelled | Consumers are being sold drinks with banned flame-retardant additives, pork in beef, and fake cheese, laboratory tests show
Smoking ban in cars carrying children expected to be passed
Suspicious Death of JPMorgan Vice President, Gabriel Magee, Under Investigation in London
Edward Snowden revelations: GCHQ using online viruses and honey traps to discredit targets
French journalist hacks govt by inputting correct URL, later fined $4,000+
N. Korea ready for 4th nuclear test
Two SA cops filmed dying man while laughing about uploading it to Facebook.
China spending more than Europe on science and technology as GDP percentage, new figures reveal
Mexico vigilantes parade through Knights Templar stronghold - Hundreds of vigilantes, backed up by armoured vehicles and troops, had set up roadblocks around the western city before entering it on Saturday.
CNN Latino Shuts down shortly after its uncovered that bankers, Fugitives from Ecuador, were financing it - FBI investigates, Lawmaker receives donations (links on description)
Four million Pakistanis working in slave-like conditions
N. Korea attack on U.S. could push Japan into collective defense: Abe - Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Monday that Japan views an attack by North Korea on the United States as a case in which it could exercise the right to collective self-defense
Suicide bomb instructor accidentally gives live demonstration to pupils - 22 dead
Feb. 11 Is The Day We Fight Back Against NSA Surveillance | More than 5,300 web-based companies and other organizations, including Reddit, Imgur, Tumblr, Mozilla the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the ACLU, have joined forces to protest National Security Agency surveillance on Feb. 11.
Donald Trump loses legal challenge to windfarm near his Scottish golf resort.
Canadas new citizenship bill gives the government power to revoke citizenship from natural born citizens.
Why Mexicos drug war is not about drugs. Many of the civilians taking on the gangs say they care little about illicit narcotics. We arent against drug traffickers. We are against organized crime.
An Australian organic farmer lost his certification due to GM seeds being spread from his neighbours farm. He is now suing his neighbour in what might be a world first (xpost)
Fisherman nets centuries-old statue of Greek god Apollo in Gaza Strip
New fossil site found in Canada could be worlds most important.
UK to ban smoking in cars carrying children by 2015
Kaspersky Lab Uncovers The Mask: One of the Most Advanced Global Cyber-espionage Operations to Date
NASAs Mars orbiter sees signs of seasonal water flow on Mars surface
An Afghan girl has been diagnosed with polio in Kabul - the capitals first case since the Talibans fall in 2001. Polio remains endemic in Afghanistan, Pakistan and northern Nigeria. Islamic extremists have obstructed health workers, preventing polio eradication campaigns from taking place.
Bin Laden death images subject to purge, emails reveal
Revealed: Big Pharmas hidden links to NHS policy
Australian mother hides her children under a blanket in neighbours dam as one of over 100 bushfires in Victoria rages above their heads. They survived after being in the water for over an hour.
Company in France becomes first in country to ban wearing of Muslim headscarves at work
Lost for centuries, a rare bronze statue of the Greek god Apollo has mysteriously resurfaced in the Gaza Strip, only to be seized by police and vanish almost immediately from view.
Major NSA intelligence facility established in Jerusalem
Tiger evades hunters, kills 10th person in India
Australian TV Host slams his own network for paying $2million to a convicted drug smuggler for an interview after spending 9 years in Indonesian prison.
Algeria plane crash kills 103
Indian couple kills Iranian student for refusing threesome
A senior official connected with the seasonal dolphin hunt in Taiji, Wakayama, Japan, is defending the tradition as painless to the small cetaceans and is inviting U.S. Ambassador to Japan Caroline Kennedy to see for herself.
Intellectual property rights: US set to punish India
Nigeria Uses Sharia Law And The Whip To Sanitize Gays
London City Banker tried to put neighbour in mental hospital over 12 inches of land.
Italy court overturns law equating cannabis with heroin
Venezuela anti-government rally turns deadly
Slaughtered for Ivory: 65% of Forest Elephants Killed Since 2002 - which means only 35% remain. Annual mortality rate is exceedingly high, at 9% a yr. By the time you eat breakfast, another elephant has been slaughtered to produce trinkets for the ivory market.
Massive Protests in Venezuela ignored by local media.
The risk of reporting US drone strikes: Yemen researcher says he received a death threat after investigating deadly wedding-convoy attack.
Mexican Tycoon Becomes First Foreigner to Exploit Citizens United to Influence U.S. Elections
Britain warns Scotland: Forget the pound if you break away
UK launches 500,000 fund to help male victims of rape and sexual abuse
German postwoman sacked for taking too much time off work while undergoing chemotherapy
Tepco hid record-level radiation data last July
Union apologises for censoring atheist Spaghetti Monster poster.
The jobless rate in Greece reached a record high of 28% in November, according to newly released government figures.
Venezuelan Radio Host Post Soundbyte about Marshall law in Mrida, Venezuela. The Government has ordered all radio stations to seize broadcasting of any live content. (Rough translation in comments)
The Chinese moon rover Jade Rabbit has awaken; comms signal strength now reinstates to a normal level; tech team is trying to identify and fix issues with control system
EU tells Britain to include Prostitutes And Drug Dealers in GDP
Venezuela: One Wounded, Two Dead after Opposition Protest. (Video. NB: Graphic)
Chinese villagers attack factory after reports of polluting
Strange S-shaped phenomenon appears off Western Australia coast on weather bureau radar; bureau says its not a cloud and doesnt know what it is
China announces $1.6B air pollution fund
The Bank of England has confirmed that economic forecasting is basically impossible
Male prostitution on the rise in Lebanon
Indian Parliament erupts in chaos after MP uses pepper spray
Spain makes abortion a criminal offense
Nuclear fusion breakthrough raises hopes for ultimate green energy source | Scientists have moved a step closer to achieving sustainable nuclear fusion and almost limitless clean energy.
The UK Government U-Turns on Election Promise; dropping plans to give voters the ability to dismiss Members of Parliament for serious wrongdoing.
Russian MPs seek nationwide ban on child beauty pageants
Islamic fundamentalists in Syria have started to destroy archaeological treasures, such as Byzantine mosaics and Greek and Roman statues, because their portrayal of human beings is contrary to their religious beliefs
Silk road 2 hacked. All bitcoins stolen.
Twitter is being blocked in Venezuela by the Government
No banks should be promised eternal life - Norwegian governor of the Norwegian federal reserve says.
Belgiums parliament removes age limit on euthanasia
Russia Expands Adoption Ban -- Russia is now forbidding single people (gay or straight), who live in any country where gay marriage is legal, from adopting Russian children
Volcano erupts in Indonesia, 100,000 evacuated, airports closed
ISIL Stones Syrian Girl to Death for Facebook Membership. Says It Is Tantamount To Adultery
Australian politician who has never heard of VPNs; let alone understand what they are for; believes internet file downloads can be stopped by legislation of ISPs
Mexican officials introduce bills seeking to relax marijuana laws
Four African nations pledge to end all sales of ivory: Botswana, Gabon, Chad and Tanzania wont sell their ivory stockpiles to protect elephants from poaching
TEPCO latest readings detects record levels of radioactive cesium near Pacific, 600 times higher than allowed to be released into the ocean
Britains hundred years of conflict. If withdrawal from Afghanistan is successful, it will be the first time in 100 years that nation has not been at war.
Snowden left in the lurch by EU Parliament | An EU parliaments committee has issued a damning report about the scale and the impact of mass surveillance. But there is no consensus on an amendment to give asylum to intelligence leaker Edward Snowden.
Belgium now the first country to legalize euthanasia for minors under 18.
Al Jazeera: 70 men and women executed in DR Congo mainly by armed groups to spread terror among the population
9 Die in Fire Destroying Argentine Bank Archives
Kerry says China willing to pressure North Korea on nuclear plans
Hamas blocks UN textbooks in Gaza, saying they focus too much on peaceful conflict resolution
Crimes against humanity in NKorea, UN panel finds: A U.N. Commission of Inquiry has found that crimes against humanity have been committed in North Korea and recommends that its findings be referred to the International Criminal Court
Big Brother HSBC bank wanted to know what Id spend my money on
Penguin Books India has reportedly agreed to recall and destroy all copies in India of a book about Hinduism by a U.S. religious scholar in response to a civil case filed by a nationalist organisation, raising concerns over the increasing sway of interest groups over freedom of expression.
Last-Place Speed Skater Wins Gold Medal After Everyone Else Falls Down
Ukraine: Video of police shooting AK-47 and sniper rifles at people
600 year old Voynich manuscript partially decoded by University of Bedfordshire professor
22-year-old student dies from bullet wound after being shot in the head during a protest, 5th fatality of unrest in Venezuela
Keystone Pipeline struck down by Nebraska Judge
Truce crumbles amid gunfire in Ukraine that kills 21
Iraq offers $17,200 reward for killing jihadists: Iraqs government has offered a reward of $17,200 for each foreign militant killed from al-Qaeda or ISIS, a former affiliate. A larger reward of $25,800 is being offered for the capture of militants belonging to the two groups.
CNN cameras taken at gunpoint in Venezuela-
The Russian government evicted 2,000 people out of their homes to build a $9 billion highway just for the Olympics. Further investigation found Russian did not systematically implement a fair and transparent process to repay them.
Wild bumblebees worldwide are in trouble, likely contracting deadly diseases from their commercialized honeybee cousins, a new study shows.
New highly radioactive leak at Japans Fukushima plant.
A hobby archaeologist with a metal detector has discovered a trove of gold and silver in a German forest dating back to late Roman times, fuelling speculation that it could be the legendary Nibelung treasure which inspired composer Richard Wagners operatic Ring Cycle.
Brazilian Senate will discuss the legalization of Cannabis.
Bill to legalize medical marijuana proposed in Mexico
North and South Koreans hold rare family reunions
Women join the Kurdish fight in Syria: Syrian Kurds are fighting for an autonomous region in the northeast of the country. They have largely managed to drive out Assads troops. Now theyre fighting Al-Qaeda terrorists. A third of the fighters are women.
Nigerian Mafia running wild in Japan. Brokering heroin sales with yakuza members, forcing Filipino women into prostitution, performing money laundering, committing car theft and arranging fake marriages are among the common illegal schemes
Food Scam: Tons of Fake Food, Drinks Seized in Interpol Bust  Environmental offenses were uncovered as over 1,200 metric tons of fake or substandard food &amp; nearly 430,000 liters of counterfeit drinks seized across Europe, Asia, &amp; the Americas.
After highly likely bugging uncovered at the Irish police oversight office, things keep getting stranger. Justice Minister, implicated by recorded conversation in trying to silence police whistleblowers, sacks his own appointee and associate.
China training for short, sharp war, says senior US naval officer
US investigates illegal military equipment shipments from Israel to Iran
China To Spend $330 Billion On Cleaning Up Polluted Water
Report: Deadly drone strike in Yemen failed to comply with Obamas rules to protect civilians - The Washington Post
A German professor at a top Swiss university has quit over rampant xenophobia in his host country
Mexico lawmakers introduce marijuana legalization bill [x-post /r/LegalNews]
Nigerias central bank governor Lamido Sanusi has been suspended after he alleged that $20bn (12bn) in oil revenue had gone missing.
The Egyptian government has resigned.
President Yoweri Museveni has signed the Ugnada anti-gay bill. The new law punishes first-time offenders with 14 years in jail, and allows life imprisonment as the penalty for acts of aggravated homosexuality. The law makes it a crime not to report gay people.
Venezuela: how photos get manipulated. This article provides graphic evidence of how some postings on social and other media have reproduced images culled from elsewhere and portrayed them as depicting events in Venezuela...
Russia advises U.S. to watch its own use of force - Interfax
Japanese company proposes to build solar power cells on the Moon to provide clean energy to Earth.
Ex-Venezuelan general in armed standoff at home
Australian gem is oldest piece of Earth ever found - and shows life could have formed on our planet earlier than anyone thought possible
Venezuelas central bank said yesterday that the scarcity index reached 28 percent in January, the highest since the central bank created the measure in 2005, meaning that more than one in four basic goods was out of stock at any given time.
Two suicide bombers killed a senior al-Qaida operative, blowing themselves up inside the militant leaders compound in the northern Syrian city of Aleppo
New Zealand set to raise minimum wage 50c to $14.25/hour from April 1
Sochi Olympic end. Russia takes the most medals
Hospital records of all NHS patients sold to insurers
Diplomats fear Australia will wreck UN probe into Sri Lankan war crimes
Retired Venezuelan general to be arrested following decapitation of motorist at opposition blockade
U.S. imposes visa bans against 20 Ukrainian officials
Pakistan minister offers Taliban cricket match for peace
China Must Reduce Unbearable Smog, Government Adviser Says
American inmate killed after shooting guards in Israeli prison.
Taliban Attack Afghan Army Base, Killing Soldiers in Their Sleep
George Brandis refuses to back up claim that Snowden put lives at risk | Attorney general says he is aware of particular cases on the basis of intelligence briefings but will not reveal the information
Sanctioning Iranians health - Before the sanctions reached their full impact over the past two years, the Iranian healthcare system was long considered one of the most advanced in the Middle East, with health standards among the highest in the developing world.
Snowflake malfunction: Russia makes fun of itself in Sochi closing ceremonies.
Mexico hunts for No. 2 after netting cartel boss
My playmate the monster: The man who saw Kim Jong-Un from rock-star boyhood to blood-soaked dictatorship tells his story
Majority of Finns reject NATO membership
New Snowden Doc Reveals How GCHQ/NSA Use The Internet To Manipulate, Deceive And Destroy Reputations of activists.
An Italian woman with cancer is suing health authorities after she was subjected to grueling radiotherapy 22 times - on the wrong breast
Switzerland could soon have the worlds highest minimum wage - at $24.80 per hour, or $4,505 a month.
Chinas air pollution has reached the level of a nuclear winter, with even crops and agriculture facing problems. Beijings pollution concentration is at 505 micrograms, 20 times the World Health limit. The Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences says that the city is uninhabitable for human beings.
Norway, Denmark, Netherlands halt millions of dollars in aid to Uganda
Bush cyberczar: NSA created the potential for a police state
IMF study finds inequality is damaging to economic growth: The International Monetary Fund has backed economists who argue that inequality is a drag on growth in a discussion paper that has also dismissed rightwing theories that efforts to redistribute incomes are self-defeating.
UK shells out over $8m to monitor Julian Assange  RT News
Brazil champions undersea cable to bypass US
Tepco Says Fukushima Radiation Significantly Undercounted
Ugandan Minister for Ethics &amp; Integrity says men raping girls is natural
Scale of suffering at Syrian refugee camp is revealed by photo of huge queue for food
Greek police enter schools, quiz children on political activities
Ukraines new rulers disband riot police
Israel Guilty of Apartheid, Says Falk in Final Report
Soviet monument in Bulgaria vandalized...again
Couple finds $10million in gold coins while walking their dog
Spanish Flamenco guitarist Paco de Lucia dies at 66
White House Clears Way For Complete Withdrawal From Afghanistan
Geoengineering side effects could be potentially disastrous, research shows. Comparison of five proposed methods shows they are ineffective, alter weather systems or could not be safely stopped.
Former Hong Kong Newspaper Editor Kevin Lau, who investigated the offshore companies maintained by mainland officials, Stabbed
Outernet Project Seeks Free Internet Access For Earth : Discovery News
Killer climate: tens of thousands of flying foxes dead in a day. This summer we have seen one of the most dramatic animal die-offs ever recorded in Australia: at least 45,500 flying foxes dead on just one extremely hot day in southeast Queensland
World begins 2014 with unusual number of extreme weather events. Next month we will publish a major report showing the likelihood of extreme heatwaves is increased 500% [with climate change].
A Perfect Storm: The Failure of Venezuelas New President - He was hand-picked by Hugo Chvez, but Nicols Maduro has lost control of the countrys economy. Vast protests are the result, but the govt in Caracas shows no signs of bending.
UK spy agency intercepted webcam images of millions of Yahoo users
Armed men seize Crimea parliament - reports | World news
Taxing the rich is good for the economy, IMF says - Business
NASA has discovered 715 New Worlds
About $70 billion has been withdrawn from Ukraines financial system over the last three years.
North Korea launches missiles into sea
Boko Haram attacked a school in Nigeria, setting it ablaze and murdering those who tried to escape the flames.
Ukraine: Former President Yanukovych reportedly found in Russia
Russian jets put on combat alert along western border
Royal Bank of Scotland pays out 588m in staff bonuses despite suffering 8.24bn loss
Japan says any bitcoin regulation should be international.
Turkeys main opposition took to the streets...in protest against the latest leaked voice recordings incriminating Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoan and his son...The recordings feature Erdoan and his son discussing how to get rid of a sum of cash equivalent to 2.2 billion Turkish Liras.
Russia says it will defend the rights of its compatriots in Crimea after pro-Russia gunmen seize parliament
ISIS imposes rules on Christians in Raqqa: A jihadist group in Syria has demanded that Christians in the northern city of Raqqa pay a levy in gold and accept curbs on their faith, or face death. ISIS said it would give Christian residents protection if they agreed to the list of conditions.
Turkish Prime Minister targeted in second audio tape - A second recording, presented as the voice of Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan asking his son not to accept an amount of money on offer in a business deal but to hold out for more, was published on YouTube by an anonymous poster on Wednesday
Qatars foreign domestic workers subjected to slave-like conditions
Lee Rigby murderers sentenced to life in prison | Michael Adebolajo has been sentenced to life in prison for the killing of Drummer Lee Rigby while Michael Adebowale was sentenced to life, with a minimum of 45 years.
Turkey calls out Canada on human rights over Quebec secular charter
Militias form in Crimea, Ukraines Russian bastion
Syrian troops reportedly kill more than 150 Al Qaeda-linked rebels
Ontario Liberals are thinking about letting cities ditch first-past-the-post voting
North Korea fires four short-range missiles into Sea off the Coast of South Korea
George Brandis refuses to back up claim that Snowden put lives at risk | Attorney general says he is aware of particular cases on the basis of intelligence briefings but will not reveal the information
Slovenian journalist Anushka Delic indicted for revealing government connections to neo-nazi group
Amongst 715 new planets discovered by NASA today, there are a few that may lie in zones habitable by humans
Scotland to offer gay Ugandans asylum
Jamaica will decriminalise possession of small amounts of marijuana this year
Ukraine says it has repelled Russian invasion and has retaken territory seized by Russians earlier. An official has said that Ukraine repelled a combination of Russian soldiers and pro-Kremlin militias- the country continues to appeal to the West for protection against Russia.
Monsantos Roundup may be linked to fatal kidney disease. A heretofore inexplicable fatal, chronic kidney disease that has affected poor farming regions around the globe may be linked to the use of biochemical giant Monsantos Roundup herbicide in areas with hard water.
The World Bank has postponed a $90 million loan to Uganda over its anti-gay law that has drawn widespread criticism from Western governments, the United Nations and rights groups
A man who beheaded a fellow passenger on a Canadian bus has been granted the right to leave his mental hospital without an escort.
Ukraines interior minister says Russian military have seized airport in Sevastopol.
Worlds biggest cyber attack detected. 360 million accounts detected , 1.25 billion email addresses hacked.
UK welfare cuts: woman in a coma told get back to work by the Department for Work and Pensions
Russia forces block Crimea airport, Ukraines interior minister calls their presence armed invasion
Russia gives all its gold medalists $120,000, a new Mercedes
Chinese police have arrested 1,094 people and rescued hundreds of infants in a crackdown on baby trafficking.
Pastor of Korean Megachurch Convicted for Embezzling $12 Million
Police to press charges against vice president of the European Parliament who reportedly drunk two bottles of wine before yelling Heil Hitler at officials in German airport
New Zealands Customs Service are concerned people will use 3D printers to create gold, gems, food or drugs in their living rooms.
Sevastopol airport in Ukraine taken over by armed men
Fugitive Ukrainian president shows up in Moscow
Russia is building a rural Berlin wall in Georgia. The wall separates South Ossetia from Georgia, and Russian forces are detaining Georgian citizens who near the wall.
Turkish PM admits that the trials he used to jail military officers were a sham, now that the same courts are targeting him
Doctors Without Borders says it has been expelled from Myanmar, thousands of patients at risk
Wild beavers seen in England for first time in centuries | Environment
Confusion over Ugandas miniskirt ban leads to public attacks on women - Mobs are taking an interpretation of the proposed law as an excuse to target and strip people they consider to be improperly dressed.
Unidentified armed men seize Crimea airport
Report: U.K. Spy Agency Stored Millions of Webcam Images. Many of them were sexually explicit in nature.
Leaks show GCHQ captured ordinary internet users webcam images
David Camerons aide on child internet policy has been arrested for child pornography
Russian President Putin accuses U.S. of double standard in criticizing his nations incursion into Crimea.
A Kremlin aide was quoted on Tuesday [4 March 2014] as saying that if the United States were to impose sanctions on Russia over Ukraine, Moscow might be forced to drop the dollar as a reserve currency and refuse to pay off any loans to U.S. banks.
Obama promises to protect Poland against Russian invasion
US Anti-gay evangelist Scott Lively to stand trial for crimes against humanity, is being sued by the organization Sexual Minorities Uganda, which alleges that his actions in Uganda over the past ten years led to the persecution, torture, arrest and murder of gay people in the country.
Turkey scrambles jets after Russian plane flies near its Black Sea coast
Poland requests NATO consultations under Article 4
Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany told Mr. Obama by telephone on Sunday that after speaking with Mr. Putin she was not sure he was in touch with reality, people briefed on the call said. In another world, she said.
A far-right candidate for Paris elections says Frances Roma population should be concentrated in camps
President Barack Obama has said that Russia is on the wrong side of history and in violation of international law for sending troops into the Ukranian region of Crimea. He also promised America will make Russia face consequences for its actions.
Chinese baby-trafficking ring busted wide open, leads to rescue of 382 babies and arrest of over 1,000
Ukraine tells UN Russia has 16,000 troops in Crimea; Russia says Yanukovych requested them (3/3/14 5:22 pm)
Russia is Looking for a Hot War, Says Georgias Former President
Ukraine and Russia: the military imbalance [infographic]
Russia use the same group of protesters in different regions of Ukraine
Ukraine loses its 204th Tactical Aviation Brigade To The Autonomous Republic of Crimea
Secret document suggests UK will not support trade sanctions against Russia
Russias First Targets in Ukraine: Its Cell Phones and Internet Lines
French scientists revive 30,000-year-old virus, say it serves as a warning that unknown pathogens entombed in frozen soil may be roused by global warming
Moscow intends to discuss the Ukraine crisis with the West on two key conditions. The source says the 21 February agreement - signed by ousted President Yanukovych and the Ukrainian opposition - must be implemented, and that all Ukrainian political forces must take part in negotiations.
US urges N Korea restraint after two more test missiles
Former Ukraine PM Yulia Tymoshenko urges superpowers to use force against Russia
Ukraine crisis: Russia stands firm despite rebukes, sanctions threats
Two women who represented opressed citizens of Odessa in Sevastopol were previously seen during the storm of Kharkiv Regional Government
Putin: Russia has no plans to annex Ukraines Crimea region
Russia Today Anchor Resigns Live On Air: I cannot be part of a network funded by the Russian government which whitewashes the actions of Putin.
Obama Signs Order Declaring Ukraine Crisis an Extraordinary Threat to National Security
Marijuana decriminalization is under serious consideration: Canadas conservative party
Turkey grants US warship permission to enter Black Sea
A Second Baby seems to have been Cured from HIV. A Clinical Trial with 50 Infected Babies will Start within 3 Months.
U.S., China officials agree Ukraines territorial integrity important
UN Envoy Not Kidnapped But Threatened By Armed Men In Crimea, Agrees To End Visit
Viktor Yanukovych had heart attack. Hes in a hospital in serious condition.
Poor live like animals says Boriss privately educated sister after going on poverty safari
NATO to cancel activities with Russia, step up military cooperation with Ukraine
Rhino with Bullet in its Brain &amp; Hacked Off Horn Wanders for Days Before Being Put Out of its Misery in South Africa, Which is in the Midst of a Rhino Poaching Epidemic
Advanced Heavy Water Reactor is the latest Indian design for a next-generation nuclear reactor that will burn thorium as its fuel
U.S. imposes new sanctions on Russian officials it blames for Ukraine crisis
RT Anchor Quits on Air: An anchor on state-owned television station RT quit on Wednesday. Liz Wahl, an American working in the networks D.C. bureau, said she was born to Hungarian refugees who fled Soviet oppression, and could no longer be part of a network that whitewashes the actions of Putin.
Russian Federation Council Considering Bill to Confiscate US and European Company Assets in Russia in Case of Sanctions
Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has likened Russian President Vladimir Putins actions on the Crimean peninsula of Ukraine to those of Adolf Hitler in the 1930s.
Kyiv University invites Russian professor who was fired by Putin
Estonia denies leaked call implicates Ukraine protesters in killings
UK, US, Ukraine insist on direct talks between Moscow and Kiev
US drone strike kills 5 Afghan soldiers and wounds 8 at a military post near Kabul
Tim Flannery says coal communities are being kept in dark about dangers. Our government is doing an inquiry into the health impact of wind [turbines], but here weve got this risk with coal. If the federal government expanded their inquiry that would be good start, he said.
Climate Change? Not in Australia..... - Top Bureaucrats in Victorian State Government told not even to use the terms.
Crimean Tatar leader calls on UN forces to intervene and for Crimean Tatars to boycott upcoming referendum
Ukraine signs $10 billion shale gas deal with Chevron
If we sign up Russia will see Ukraine is determined to defend itself
Russian soldiers training in Canada given 24 hours to leave country
Court in Lebanon rules that Homosexuality is not a crime, nor against nature in historic ruling
China concerned after North Korean missile test comes dangerously close to hitting Chinese airliner with 200 passengers onboard
Uganda president wants poachers shot on sight
IKEA is in trouble for cutting down 600-year-old trees
India became the first country, supports Russia interests in Crimea
Norway will cut through an island in tribute to massacre victims
Amid Crimea Crisis, Russia Proposes Expanding Citizenship in Ex-USSR - The Russian government has proposed legislation that would grant citizenship to anyone who speaks fluent Russian and had once lived, or who had relatives who lived, on the territory of the Soviet Union [x-post /r/LegalNews]
A group of Japanese historians Friday stood behind their governments 1993 apology over wartime sex slavery, slamming Tokyos possible move to revise it as unforgivable.
Saudi Arabia designates Muslim Brotherhood as terrorist group: Interior Ministry
Edward Snowden delivers testimony to the European Parliament
Russia says new troops werent deployed to Crimea, but this soldiers social media photos suggest otherwise
Russia Starts Massive Air Defense Drills Amid Crimea Standoff
Moscow: Bill Criminalizing False Anti-Russian Information in the Works
Great Barrier Reef Faces Irreversible Damage: Report
Russian soldiers training in Canada given 24 hours to leave country
After 12 years of war, labor abuses rampant on US bases in Afghanistan: More than a year after Obamas executive order outlawing forced labor on US military bases, exploitation remains
Turkeys prime minister has given warning that his government could ban social media networks YouTube and Facebook after a number of online leaks added momentum to a growing corruption scandal.
Ukraine crisis: US sends F-16 fighter jets to Poland
EU slaps initial sanctions on Russia
EU and US start Russia sanctions, call Crimea referendum illegal
EU urges to investigate cases of people killed by snipers in Kiev
Interpol says Ukraine seeks wanted notice for Yanukovich arrest
Your porn is not Canadian enough, Canadian Radio &amp; Television Commision warns erotica channels
Malaysian couple to hang for starving Indonesian maid to death
A 100-year-old Saudi beggar died leaving a million-dollar fortune behind, secretly amassing a fortune and real estate portfolio over 50 years of begging on the streets of Jeddah that rivaled those of the citys millionaires.
Eight days after Flight MH370 vanished, Malaysian authorities are seeking diplomatic permission to investigate a theory that the Boeing 777 may have been flown under the radar to Taliban-controlled bases on the border of Afghanistan and North West Pakistan, The Independent has learnt.
UN report on North Korea finds atrocities like WW2
Britains five richest families worth more than poorest 20%
Ukraine Is Training Young Protesters to Fight the Russian Army
Unregulated mining in rural northern Nigeria is causing blindness and paralysis among children and making adults infertile. Farmers are forced to choose between poverty and a slow death by lead poisoning.
Modern civilisation is heading for collapse within a matter of decades because of growing economic instability and pressure on the planets resources, according to a scientific study funded by Nasa.
Ukraine: Neo-Fascist Leader and presidential candidate Dmitry Yarosh Vows to Destroy Russias Trans-Siberian Pipeline, which supplies Europe with the majority of its gas imports, to Stop World War III
EU votes in favor of universal mobile charger -- 550 votes to 12 says that chargers need to be standardized
Ukrainian radical leader threatens to sabotage Russian pipelines
UNs North Korea Crimes Against Humanity Report Rejected By China
U.S. Navy SEALs Take Control of Oil Tanker Hijacked in Libya
McCain: Russia is a gas station masquerading as a country
Crimea exit poll: Around 93% back Russia union
Crimea Parliament Declares Independence After Vote
Finland condemns illegal Crimean vote
State TV says Russia could turn US to radioactive ash
BBC News - Russia planned Wall Street bear raid
MH370 flew as low as 1,500m to avoid detection, says paper
Civilians stopped a Ukrainian military convoy from entering a city in Donetsk region
Paris makes public transportation free due to smog crisis
EU imposes sanctions over Crimea
Government of Japan refuses to acknowledge Crimea joining Russia
Russia might quit WTO in case of economic sanctions
Obama Says U.S. Will Never Recognize Crimeas Secession Vote
Putin announces that Russia will annex Crimea into the Russian Federation
Taliban denies MH370 involvement; We wish we had an opportunity to hijack such a plane, commander says.
Russia Suspended From G8
Birth of the Universe detected by scientists.Proving that the universe expanded by 100 trillion trillion times, in less than the blink of an eye.
Western powers begin process to hold Kim Jung Un accountable for crimes against humanity.
Turkey Warns Russia it Will Blockade Bosphorus if Violence Occurs
Shots fired, officer taken from Ukraine base in Crimea
BBC: A Russian ex-minister Alexander Pochinok dies aged 56, shortly after commenting that annexing Crimea would cost Russia trillions
Japan to impose sanctions on Russia
France warns Russia it could cancel warships deal: France might cancel a controversial deal to sell two state-of-the-art warships to Russia if Britain acts against Russian oligarchs in London, according to the French foreign minister .
NSA surveillance program reaches into the past to retrieve, replay phone calls: a surveillance system capable of recording 100 percent of a foreign countrys telephone calls, enabling the agency to rewind and review conversations as long as a month after they take place
Doku Umarov, anti-Russian Chechen rebel leader, is dead
Qatar World Cup 2022 investigation: former Fifa vice-president Jack Warner and family paid millions by Qatari firm.
Australian Vaccination-Skeptics Network loses its charity status for fundraising over misinformation claims
Russian parliament mocks sanctions - asks US, EU to sanction all its members
First Dozen U.S. Warplanes Arrive In Poland... Russia Deploys 6 SU-27 fighters &amp; 3military Rransport Jets to Belarus
U.S. and U.K. Marked Enemies of the Internet. Press freedom group denounces spy agency surveillance in report.
Burning fireball seen off the coast of the Canadian Maritimes overnight. It was a bright light and it lit up the whole sky [...] it was almost like a meteor but not the same.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed a decree recognising Crimea as a sovereign and independent state
Armed men, believed to be Russians,dig trenches near the Ukrainian military base in Perevalnoye
Its great to be back: Last of Canadian soldiers in Afghanistan return home
Russian truck manufacturer Kamaz has appealed to Russian, Ukrainian and Kazakhstan authorities for help in recovering a convoy of new trucks, intended for Kazakhstan, which was hijacked in Ukraine yesterday.
Malaysia opposition leader Anwar admits MH370 pilot is his relative
Voice of Russia announces that the chairman of the Transnistrian Parliament asked Russia to allow the breakaway Moldovan republic into the Russian Federation
Absolutely certain Russia will invade rest of Ukraine - Ukrainian Admiral
Guy buys golden egg for $13,000. Turns out to be a Faberge egg worth $33.3 million.
Tech Giants Knew About Prism All Along, the NSAs Top Lawyer Says
Man in his early 20s woke to find MP Nigel Evans raping him
BP wins new US oil contracts four years after Deepwater Horizon disaster - wins 24 bids to begin exploration in the Gulf of Mexico, just days after authorities lifted a year-long ban
Exclusive: Uruguay may import marijuana from Canada. While it waits for weed to grow, the South American country could turn to Canadian pot producers to kickstart its newly legalized marijuana industry.
AMSA (Australian Maritime Safety Authority) has identified two possible objects that might be connected to missing Malaysian plane MH370.
China indicates it may block future action against its staunchest ally, North Korea, slamming human rights critics as divorced from reality. Furthermore, China will continue deporting Korean refugees to North Korea, even though many of the deported are sent to prison camps and killed.
President Obama: No U.S. Military Action in Ukraine
The Venezuelan government is removing city mayors who oppose President Nicolas Maduros administration. Yesterday, the mayor of San Cristobal was arrested and the mayor of San Diego removed from office and jailed.
Its no longer unthinkable to prepare for a major war in Europe, officials and analysts say.
US funding ghost workers across Afghanistan: I am writing to express my concern that the US may be unwittingly helping to pay the salaries of non-existent members of the Afghan National Police wrote the special inspector general for Afghanistan reconstruction.
NASA: In 2012 Earth dodged a Solar blast by a mere nine days that would have taken out satellite communications systems, a big chunk of the GPS network, and possibly crashed power grids and computer systems down on the surface.
Moscow signals concern for Russians in Estonia: Russia signaled concern on Wednesday at Estonias treatment of its large ethnic Russian minority, comparing language policy in the Baltic state with what it said was a call in Ukraine to prevent the use of Russian.
North Korea says UN report on human rights fabricated
Ugandas First Lady says she doesnt know any gay cows, so homosexuality doesnt exist...
Australia sees possible plane debris: Two pieces of debris possibly linked to Malaysia flight MH370 seen off Western Australia - Australian PM Tony Abbott
International scholars say that the Canadian governments Elections Act threatens Canadas global reputation as a guardian of democracy and human rights
Dont pay too much attention to the rhetoric that originates from Washington and Moscow and at meetings between their high-level officials.Trust me as a former Kremlin and government adviser: Behind the scenes it is mostly all handshakes and smiles.
South African president, Jacob Zuma will need to pay back millions for upgrades to personal home in long awaited anti-corruption probe
Russias Reality Check: Ruble Bonds Drop Second Day on Sanctions | Markets are reacting in real time to Russias incursion into the Crimea section of Ukraine and plans to annex the Black Sea peninsula.
Fortune magazine names Pope Francis the worlds greatest leader His hardest work lies ahead. And yet signs of a Francis effect abound: In a poll in March, 1 in 4 Catholics said theyd increased their charitable giving to the poor this year. Of those, 77% said it was due in part to the Pope
U.S. Boycotts U.N. Drone Strike Talks
Russia warns West it may change its stance on Iran
One of the worlds largest and most knowledgeable scientific bodies wants to make one point very clear: Just as smoking causes cancer, so too are humanitys greenhouse gas emissions causing the planet to change, with potentially unknown and unalterable impacts.
France has banned the sale, use, and cultivation of Monsanto GMO maize crops
Solar Power Is Now Just As Cheap As Conventional Electricity In Italy And Germany
Russian thugs beat up St Patricks flashmob after mistaking it for gay activists
U.S., other powers kick Russia out of G8
Jimmy Carter: I have become convinced that the most serious and unaddressed worldwide challenge is the deprivation and abuse of women and girls.
Australia, Tony Abbot says, has too much locked-up forest. Mr Abbott wants to open up a swathe of Australias most fought-over forest and hand it to loggers.
Qatar 2022 World Cup expected to take more lives than 9/11
Ukraine to take Russia to the International Court...
Head of Public Relations for the 2022 Qatar World Cup sent an angry letter to Deadspin regarding their Report: Qatars World Cup will Take More Lives Than 9/11 article
Bloomberg editor quits over China story. Editors did not publish an investigative article on Chinese elites due to fears that Bloomberg would be expelled from the country. Bloomberg relies heavily on sales of its financial data terminals in the country.
Genocidal War in Darfur Revealed in New Satellite Photos - Latest images taken from space are grim indeed.
UK To Start Buying Gas From Russia Despite Threats Of Sanctions Over Crimea
Most Face Masks In China Dont Work And Pollution Is Getting Worse
Sweden has designed a warplane so sophisticated it is being heralded as the worlds first sixth-generation fighter.
Russian TV Anchor Accuses Jews Of Bringing Holocaust On Themselves
Russia Gets Ready for Life Without Visa and MasterCard
UN calls on Turkey to stop blocking Twitter
Russias Economy Ministry releases expected first quarter figures. GDP growth of around zero, 7% inflation, capital flight of $65-70 billion. Mostly due to lost investor confidence, not sanctions.
WHO Report: 1 in 8 of all global deaths in 2012 was linked to polluted air
More Allies Are Cutting Orders for the Pentagons Costly New Fighter Jet
Russia offers India crude oil supplies, stakes in blocks in the Barents Sea (Arctic Ocean)
G-7 to hold June summit in Brussels instead of G-8 meeting in Russia
Time to grab guns and kill damn Russians  Tymoshenko in leaked audio recording
I have been beaten: The Uzbek presidents daughter smuggles a letter to the BBC
UK: HMRC criticised for using terror laws against tax whistleblower | Public accounts committee chair says tax officials use of powers to track down journalist had shocked her to the bones.
Egyptian television celebrates mass death sentence
UN Slams US for torture, NSA spying
Russia to raise price of Ukrainian gas 80%
UK Government: DVD and CD ripping will be legalized this summer
Ukraine says 100,000 Russian troops near border
Russia is growing concerned about well-being of Germans, Czechs, Hungarians and other minorities in Ukraine.
A senior military academic is warning Europe is staring down the barrel of its biggest war since 1945. And it could start in days, as Russian forces mass on the border with Ukraine
Sochi Resembles a Ghost Town Just Weeks after Olympics
Russia agrees to turn over some weapons, military equipment in Crimea to Ukraine
If Wolves are Protected in France, Why are They Being Hunted? - Wolves were originally hunted to extinction by farmers in France back in the 1930s. In 1992 a mating pair crossed the border from Italy. It is now estimated there are around 300 individuals in 25 packs across France.
WHO declares India a polio-free nation
Russian Border Buildup Stokes Worries - Russian troops massing near Ukraine are actively concealing their positions and establishing supply lines that could be used in a prolonged deployment.
Recording posted on YouTube in which officials heard discussing plot to establish a justification for military strikes in Syria rattles Turkey.
Obama urges Russia to pull back troops from Ukrainian border
U.S. Tries To Stop Indias Solar Policy While Pushing Fight Against Climate Change
Turkey YouTube Ban: Full Transcript of Leaked Syria War Conversation (FALSE Flag Plan) Between Erdogan Officials
Denmark offers F-16 patrols to Baltic states, in response to Russian incursion.
Pentagon: Russian Forces on Ukraines Border Not Conducting Routine Exercises
Kenya: Muslim MP says homosexuality just as serious as terrorism
Worlds Biggest Coal Company, Worlds Biggest PR Firm Pair Up To Promote Coal For Poor People. In the 1990s, Burson-Marsteller was involved in forming a smokers rights front group known as the National Smokers Alliance, funded by the tobacco industry
Norways Former Premier Jens Stoltenberg to Be New Chief of NATO
Pakistani Christian gets death in blasphemy case
The Guardian reporting of Snowden leaks threatened with closure, conference told
President Obama announces plan to dismantle NSA phone record database | The Verge
Yanukovich calls for referendum on each Ukrainian region
Turkish foreign minister calls Syria security leak a declaration of war
The UNs International Court of Justice has ruled that Japans Antarctic whaling programme is not for scientific purposes
BBC News - North and South Korea exchange fire across western sea border
10,000-year-old settlement found in Cork
NSA Infiltrated RSA Security More Deeply Than Thought
Germany ready to reinforce Nato-Russia borders
World court says Japans Antarctic whaling program is not for scientific purposes
No proof torture helped US find Osama bin Laden, Senate report concludes
Israel bulldozes Palestinian homes, mosque
Silk Road closure fails to dampen illegal drug sales online, experts say
India creates own drug to treat gangrene, to be available in a year
Members of the UNs climate panel say that their report provides overwhelming evidence of the scale of global warming
UN court rules against Japan whaling
Obama weighs sending shoulder-fired missiles to Syrian rebels
Moving quickly to envelop Crimea in the Russian bureaucracy and economy, the Kremlin announced plans on Monday to nearly double retirement pensions paid to the elderly on the peninsula, raising them to the average levels paid in Russia.
South African President Jacob Zuma refuses to pay back hundreds of millions on upgraded personal residence
Poland seeks to avoid Russian gas blackmail
Russia returns captured submarine to Ukraine, says that sub stopped being relevant on the battlefield since the 80-s. Sub will have to be towed to Ukraninan side by tugboat.
Russian Deputy Prime Minister tweets photo in Crimea saying, Crimea is ours, and thats that.
2 Morsi supporters sentenced to death. They are accused of throwing a kid and a young man off a building in Alexandria.
Pilots daughter says UK tabloid made up MH370 report
Health authorities in Guinea are facing an unprecedented epidemic of Ebola, an international aid group warned Monday as the death toll from the disease that causes severe bleeding reached 78.
India, Russia sign Rs 2,600 crore (USD 430 million) deal for anti-tank ammunition
Ebola outbreak spreads to Liberia after killing 70 in Guinea
Germany Mulls Military Support for NATOs Eastern European States
MH370: Hopes dashed as orange objects turn out to be fishing equipment
Opposition ballots found in trash bags in southern Turkey
Mexican marines kill leader of Knights Templar drug cartel
Saudi Arabia Doubles Down on Atheism; New Laws Declares It Equivalent to Terrorism -- non-believers are assumed to be enemies of the Saudi state
Lithuania bans Russian TV station over lies
New Leaks Show NSA, GCHQ Infiltrating Private German Companies
Germany returns art stolen by Nazis in 1939 to Poland
Chinas high-speed rail is so popular, its hurting the domestic airline industry.
British sniper in Afghanistan kills six Taliban with one bullet
Lufthansa pilots strike. 3,800 flights cancelled.
Russia warns Kiev against NATO integration: Russia warned Ukraine against integration with NATO on Tuesday, saying Kievs previous attempts to move closer to the defence alliance had had unwelcome consequences.
Campaign calls for Paris love locks to be banned. An estimated 700K padlocks now attached to locations across French capital; weight could risk structural integrity of the citys architecture.
US accuses China of provoking Philippines
Nato plans stronger military ties to ex-Soviet states: Ministers consider joint exercises with Azerbaijan, Armenia and Moldova after annexation of Crimea
Ocean Garbage Thwarts Flight 370 Search - The ocean is like a plastic soup, bulked up with the croutons of these larger items. Its like a toilet bowl that swirls but doesnt flush. Australian PM pledges search will continue indefinitely, despite obstacles.
Torture was not essential to find bin Laden, US Senate report will find
Ukraine crisis: No sign of Russian troop pullout - Nato
Afghanistan: 7 militants blown up while making roadside bombs in mosque
Gazprom hikes Ukraine gas price by a third: The companys CEO says the change was because Kiev has failed to pay its bills. ... the price of Russian gas for Ukraine has gone up to $385.5 per 1,000 cubic metres in the second quarter of 2014 from the previous rate of $268.5.
Ehud Olmert, former Israeli prime minister, found guilty of bribery: Israels former prime minister is expected to go to jail after a judge convicted of him of receiving 190,000 in bribes and accused him of lying in court
The potential threats posed by coal and natural gas projects to the Great Barrier Reef are sparking everything from lawsuits to tweets from Hollywood stars. Theyre also prompting close scrutiny from investors as a global campaign against fossil fuels gains momentum.
To replace drone strikes, US to give Yemen Hellfire-armed crop dusters
Unidentified drone crashed on South Korean border island, suspected to be of North Korean origin
Russia Raises Salaries and Pensions for Crimeans
U.S. ambassador to India resigns after diplomatic row
Journalists increasingly under fire from hackers: Google researchers show 21 out of 25 top news organizations hit by state-sponsored attacks.
An 8.0 magnitude earthquake has struck offshore Northern Chile - Live coverage inside.
Japan Halts Whaling Program in Response to International Court Ruling
Putin Divorces Wife after 30 Years
A suspected World War II bomb exploded in the Thai capital as scrap metal workers tried to cut it open with a blow torch
March Was First Month Without U.S. Fatalities in Iraq or Afghanistan In 11 Years
MPs criticise BBC over climate change reporting. Some editors appear to be particularly poor at determining the level of scientific expertise of contributors in debates, for instance, putting up lobbyists against top scientists as though their arguments on the science carry equal weight.
Exxon Mobil says climate change unlikely to stop it selling fossil fuels: oil giant issues report on risks that climate policies could pose to the value of its assets and future profitability
Bombs explode outside of Cairo University
Pro-gov suppliers, not cats, cut off electricity on election night in Turkey
Researchers testing a real-life human-to-dolphin translator have reported the first successful use of their technology in the wild, with a bottlenose dolphin pointing out a piece of nearby seaweed to a scientist in the water.
Ukraine crisis: Poland asks Nato to station 10,000 troops on its territory
Ebola virus has spread from Guinea into Liberia and possibly Sierra Leone, as well as Guineas capital, Conakry, which has a population of two million people. Senegal has closed its land border with Guinea.
Turkeys Riot Police Use Water Cannons on Vote Fraud Protesters
A newspaper editor in Vologda posted a tongue-in-cheek letter to Putin, asking him to help topple the Russian citys corrupt oppressors. He now faces 6 years in prison under charges of extremism.
Ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych: Crimea a part of Ukraine: Viktor Yanukovych, Ukraines ousted president, calls Russias annexation of Crimea a tragedy and says he hopes the Black Sea peninsula can come back under Ukraines fold someday.
Bulgaria wary as Russia steps up military flights over Black Sea
Russias Last Independent TV Channel Is Fighting For Its Life, Asks For Help to Raise Funds
Turkish Constitutional Court ruled that Twitter ban is unconstitutional  The high court issued same ruling, deeming the ban unlafwul, one week ago, only to be dismissed by the Turkish government
Russia has threatened to retaliate against US diplomatic missions after JPMorgan Chase blocked a money transfer from a Russian embassy, in the clearest political fallout so far from sanctions imposed over the annexation of Crimea last month
Amnesty Reports Dozens of Venezuela Torture Accounts
Five days of rowdy protests in a southern Chinese city against a planned chemical plant have forced the authorities onto the back foot and underscored that breakneck economic growth no longer rides roughshod over public opinion in the worlds second largest economy.
Evacuations as Peru volcano rumbles to life, occurs just hours before 8.0 earthquake near Chile
1/4 of Europes Bumblebee Species Risk Extinction: Largely because of climate change &amp; intensive farming, says the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
China prefers to negotiate with countries individually, rather than in international forums, accounting for Chinese action in Pacific. China says it was provoked by Philippines request for UN arbitration- calls international dispute resolution illegal and unreasonable.
Nigeria: Muslims torch Christian church
Swedes to give six-hour workday a go: Municipal staff in Gothenburg will act as guinea pigs in a proposed push for six-hour workdays with full pay, with hopes that it will cut down on sick leave, boost efficiency, and ultimately save Sweden money.
School in Canada makes non-vaccinated students stay home to halt the spread of measles
Ukraine Turmoil Leaves Zoo Animals Starving  Over 6,000 in dire straits. 114-yr-old Nikolaev Zoo survived 2 world wars, but likely not this. Only enough left for carnivores to eat today &amp; tomorrow. Herbivores will last 1 more week. No medical supplies.
A man with total amnesia has turned up in Norway. He speaks 4 languages, including Russian, and calls himself John Smith.
No legal means exist to challenge mass surveillance, says NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden
Plane Search Shows Worlds Oceans Are Full of Trash
Leading environmental scientists say Australias Tony Abbott has engineered, in less than one year in office, and environmental train wreck, that could potentially cause irreversible damage to some of the worlds most fragile ecosystems.
Philippine top court approves birth control law: The Philippines highest court approved Tuesday a birth control law that supporters said would transform the lives of millions of poor Filipinos, in a stunning defeat for the powerful Catholic Church.
Quebec has voted the separatist Parti Quebecois out of office. A new majority government will be formed by the Liberal Party.
South Korea, U.S., Japan issue joint warning to North Korea, If North Korea goes ahead with another nuclear test, we, along with the international community, will make it pay the price for that
Japans Biggest Drugmaker Is Hit With $6 Billion Penalty For Concealing Cancer Risks
Edward Snowdens Testimony to European Parliament on NSA [Full Transcript]
Overwhelmed by crime, Argentina declares emergency in Buenos Aires
EU top court rules EU data retention law invalid
Edward Snowden: US government spied on human rights workers
Liechtenstein bank chief shot dead
Ukraine has launched an anti-terrorist operation in the eastern city of Kharkiv and about 70 separatists have been arrested for seizing the regional administration building
Ebola still spreading, World Health Organisation expects outbreak to last 2-4 months
Anti-semitism on the rise in Europe- Hungarian far-right anti-semitic party wins 20% of the votes
BBC News - Ukraine crisis: Violent brawl at Kiev parliament
EU, Russia, Ukraine and US will hold joint talks in next 10 days, as EU diplomat blames Russian lobby for lack of action in Europe
Polish MP is living in London on 100 a week budget to see why so many Poles prefer Britain to their homeland
Tasmanian Forests Set for Logging as Govt Pushes Ahead to Repeal Protection - State plans to tear up historic deal between industry &amp; greens protecting 400,000 hectares of forest, some pristine.
China has surpassed the USA in porn consumption.
Ukraine fears Crimea scenario in east
Shark fin trade from Hong Kong to China drops almost 90 per cent in one year
Carbon Dioxide Levels Climb Into Uncharted Territory for Humans. The amount of carbon dioxide in the Earths atmosphere has exceeded 402 parts per million (ppm) during the past two days of observations, which is higher than at any time in at least the past 800,000 years
German Chancellor Angela Merkel denied access to her own NSA file
Edward Snowden: Whistleblower did complain to NSA before leaking classified US Government documents
Iraq ready to legalise childhood marriage
Ukraine vows to use force if pro-Russian protesters dont leave occupied buildings
Kim re-elected as North Korean leader
Turkey reports Russian missile systems radar-locked on its F-16s near Syrian border
Voters in South Africa told those who receive social welfare grants but vote for opposition political parties are stealing from government
Ukraines Jews dismiss claims of antisemitism, say Kiev is not in the hands of Neo-Nazis
Kerry focuses blame on Israel for collapse of talks - The prisoners were not released by Israel on the day they were supposed to be released and then another day passed and another day, and then 700 units were approved in Jerusalem and then poof  that was sort of the moment, Kerry said
Syrian insurgents reveal they are using US-made anti-tank missiles. TOWs are likely acquired from regional supporters of the opposition, either Saudi Arabia or Turkey.
Pharaonic seal found in ancient coffin in Israel: Israeli archaeologists unveiled on Wednesday a 3,300-year-old coffin containing a signet ring bearing the name of an Egyptian pharaoh among the remains of what they believe was a local nobleman.
60 People Taken Hostage In Ukraines East
Dutch priest who refused to leave Syria assassinated at his monastery
Tensions between China and the United States were on full display on Tuesday [8 April 2014] as Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel faced questions in Beijing about Americas position in bitter territorial disputes with regional U.S. allies.
US accuses Russia of sending spies into eastern Ukraine to create chaos
WHO says Ebola outbreak in West Africa one of most challenging
Italy has rescued 4,000 migrants from boats trying to reach European shores in the past 48 hours in a deepening immigration crisis
I Will Tear His Head Off: How the Italian Mafia Is Infiltrating Germany - A trial currently underway in Cologne showcases the extent of the Italian Mos infiltration of German society and the construction business. Critics claim authorities have been far too lax in cracking down on Mafia activity
3rd confirmed North Korean drone found, this time in Samcheok, a town 130 kilometers away from the Border. Drone was found by a herb harvester, who kept his findings to himself until the 2 drones were originally found. North Korea, however, denies involvement.
Indias Mars mission crosses half the distance
Crimeans Made Homeless by Annexation Seek Solace in Kiev Asylums
Catalonia independence vote rejected by Spanish MPs
Nordic countries condemn Russia
Looks Like Rome is Even More Ancient than Thought - As Italian capital approaches 2,767th birthday, excavation reveals wall built long before official founding year of 753BC. It seems to have channeled water. Around it, are pieces of ceramic pottery &amp; remains of food.
Ukraine says it can prove that Russia coordinated weekend attacks
Russian fighter jet makes multiple, close-range passes near an American warship in the Black Sea
Glow-in-the-dark roads make debut in Netherlands -- They look beautiful, but they could also save a lot on streetlight power. The glow lasts up to eight hours once powered throughout the day.
3 EU Countries Back Ukraines Use of Force - Sweden, Lithuania, &amp; Luxembourg explicitly back Ukraines right to use force against pro-Russian separatists.
Russian TV Propagandists Caught Red-Handed: Same Guy, Three Different People (Spy, Bystander, Heroic Surgeon)
Russia has ~65,000 troops bordering the rest of Ukraine; 40,000 on the Russian Border, 25,000 in Crimea. This is in addition to pro-Russian armed protesters already in Ukraine; Russia said attempts to expel those pro-Russian forces are criminal and warned it would protect Russian-speakers.
This is war, Ukraine declares as mob ignores ultimatum to surrender, takes police chief prisoner
Hong Kong women being kept in slave-like conditions in Sydney brothels
Worlds Highest Minimum Wage on Ballot in Switzerland: The Swiss will vote in a national referendum May 18 on whether to create a minimum wage of 22 francs ($25) per hour, or 4,000 francs a month
Israel demolishes Bedouin village for 68th time | Palestine
Anti-Kremlin protest draws thousands in Moscow
Ukraine Forces Storm a Town, Defying Russia
White House Warns Russia Not to Invade as Biden Plans Ukraine Trip
Russia prepared to let tanks roll across borders - German minister: German Vice Chancellor Sigmar Gabriel warned on Monday of an escalation of the crisis in Ukraine, saying Russia was clearly prepared to allow tanks to roll across European borders.
UN scientists: The world needs to triple the energy it gets from renewables, nuclear reactors, and power plants that use emissions-capture technology to avoid dangerous levels of global warming
West approves $3.2 billion package for Ukraine
World must end dirty fuel use.
Biggest drug bust in Saudi Arabian History: $267 million US dollars worth of amphetamine. (other source with pictures in comments)
Japan says its not decided on whaling in Southern Ocean next year - Tokyo deeply disappointed UN declared its whaling a commercial activity disguised as science. Has filed US court briefs saying it intends to hunt whales 2015-16 with new research program.
U.S. Troops May be Sent to Eastern Europe
Ukraine to fight pro-Russia forces
The UK, Poland, and Sweden have proposed sending an EU police mission to Ukraine to build up its law enforcement bodies
Nigeria: Boko Haram kills at least 60 in new atrocity
President of Ukraine Turchynov offers to hold referendum on status of Ukraine
Billionaire Takes Up Fight Against African Poachers  Pledges to provide a helicopter &amp; a multi-million dollar investment to protect South Africas rhinos.
Guardian and Washington Post win Pulitzer prize for NSA revelations | Media
Russian paramilitary leaders in eastern Ukraine caught on tape communicating with Moscow
Ukraine has asked the UN for troops
Drugs giant GlaxoSmithKline bribed doctors to boost sales, says whistleblower
Russian forces spotted on ground in eastern Ukraine: Bloomberg
Canadians mental-health info routinely shared with FBI, U.S. customs
Poland: NATO should send troops to east Europe, ignore Russias objections
Russian economy may see zero growth this year because of the Ukraine crisis, Russias finance minister has admitted
Guantnamo hearings halted amid accusations of FBI spying on legal team | World news
Russia on brink of financial crisis as showdown with West escalates - Countrys private companies shut out of global bond markets, raising prospect that they may need state support.
Red Hot Chili Peppers music used to torture prisoners in Guantnamo Bay
Smog-hit China is set to pass a new law that would give Beijing more powers to shut polluting factories and punish officials, and even place protected regions off-limits to industrial development
A survey released Tuesday -- the first comprehensive one of its kind - says that only 10 killers of 908 environmental activists slain around the world over the past decade have been convicted
Malta legalises same-sex civil unions/marriage
U.S. Is Considering Sending Arms To Ukraine
Nigeria unrest: Attackers abduct 200 schoolgirls
Chernobyl Sarcophagus Jeapordised by Crisis in Ukraine: The political crisis in Ukraine is severely hampering efforts to build a new radioactive containment structure over the site of the Chernobyl nuclear meltdown.
Russia says Ukraine on brink of civil war
North Korean officials visit salon in London over Kim Jong-un bad hair advert
CIA chief visited Kiev over the weekend: White House
Russia Tests Multi-Warhead ICBM
Pro-Russian Ukrainian police help foil Ukraine crackdown in east
Morocco Women March to Demand Gender Equality - Ccarried banners demanding equality as a right, not a privilege.
Russia warns against use of force against protesters in Ukraine: Russias foreign minister has said intervention by Ukrainian authorities to stop pro-Russian protesters in eastern Ukraine would set back diplomatic talks. Ukraine has announced an anti-terrorist operation in the east.
South Korea ferry carrying 350 sinking.
Several armoured personnel carriers have reportedly entered the eastern Ukrainian town of Slaviansk, with the lead vehicle showing the Russian flag
U.S. drone strike kills New Zealander, Australian in Yemen
Chinas president urges greater militarization of space
Bruneis new law permits stoning gay people to death
Spanish judge defies pressure to scrap Guantanamo torture case against Bush | The Raw Story
Combat Vehicles in East Ukraine Switching Sides
Swiss president greeted with Danish flag in Ukraine
Switzerland pushes for minimum wage of $25 per hour, maximum in the world
SARS: French scientists lose 2,300 samples of potentially deadly virus
A majority of Ukrainiansin all regionscondemn the deployment of Russian troops in Ukraine (93 percent of people in the west and center held this opinion, 73 percent in the South, and 68 percent in the East).
Ukraine says it reclaimed airport seized by pro-Russia separatists
5 Dead in Calgarys Worst Ever Mass Murder
Greeces Golden Dawn party describes Hitler as great personality: Cementing its credentials as an unapologetic neo-nazi force, Greeces increasingly combative Golden Dawn party has hailed Hitler as a great personality and denounced homosexuality as a sickness.
Ukraine troops blocked in Kramatorsk as tension rises
Jordanian air force fighter jets have destroyed an undetermined number of vehicles trying to enter the kingdom by crossing the border from war-torn Syria.
Ukraine crisis: NATO to bolster forces in eastern Europe | World news
Citizen scientists prepare to test West Coast for Fukushima radiation
Six Kievs APCs sent to Kramatorsk join forces with anti-Maidan activists - eyewitness
Ukraine pushes tanks and troops into separatist east
Japan population drops for third year straight; 25% are elderly
We Will Shoot Back: All Eyes on Russia as Ukraine Begins Offensive in East
Ukraine Says Russian Forces Among Separatists as Battles Ensue
N Korea formally complains over British barbers Kim Jong Un poster
German Law Professors Are Rebelling Against Their Countrys Drug Laws
Twitter bans two whistleblower accounts exposing government corruption after complaints from the Turkish government
Jamaica sees green in ganja -- After more than a century, the island of music and marijuana seems ready for legalization
Canadians rally to legalize marijuana
Japan defence chief puzzled by Russian warplanes: The countrys air defence force scrambled fighter jets for seven days in a row after spotting Russian military planes. They are continuing flights, which we deem as abnormal and were unseen even in the Cold War era, - Defence Minister
China has seized a Japanese ship over debt from 1936.
Malaysia Airlines MH192 has made an air turn back to KUL, but is currently circling round burning fuel and unable to land due to problems with its landing gear and burst tyres.
India and Georgia have made it compulsory for Pakistani travellers to get anti-polio vaccine prior to entering their territory; several other countries may follow suit
Snowden reporter promises more NSA revelations are coming. And Greenward hits back after Rep. Peter King denounces the Pulitzer Award calling it disgraceful.
North Korea accuses US and allies of worst human rights abuses; says defectors to South Korea who exposed human rights abuses are terrorists and that North Koreas masses are leading happy lives. The North said that human rights investigations would only make it achieve Final Victory faster.
Photos Link Masked Men in East Ukraine to Russia and suggest that many of the men who have seized Ukrainian government sites are indeed Russian military and intelligence forces.
Abuse of veal calves unveiled by hidden camera: Baby calves... are kicked, punched, slapped and yelled at by barn employees. Some are grabbed by the testicles to force them into narrow wooden stalls. Several lie gasping for air on slats stained with urine and feces. [Canada]
Spains Robin Hood takes from the banks and gives to the disenfranchised - They call him the Robin Hood of the banks, a man who took out dozens of loans worth almost half a million euros with no intention of ever paying them back.
David Cameron fuelling sectarian division by bringing God into politics
Russia stares at recession as Ukraine crisis scars economy
Ukrainian synagogue reportedly firebombed
Bangladesh Factory Owner Charged With Murder: Its been almost a full year since the tragic Bangladesh factory collapse killed 1,135 garment workers in the capital of Dhaka.This week, authorities announced that Rana [the negligent owner of the factory] would stand trial for his role in the disaster.
Scottish independence poll:Yes on brink of victory
Tesla poised to start delivery of Model S to Chinese motorists
Unease in Vatican over cardinals luxury flat: An Italian cardinal is moving into a 600-square-metre (6,500 square foot) Vatican apartment in apparent contradiction with Pope Franciss call for a poor Church
Botswana bushmen: If you deny us the right to hunt, you are killing us
Ukraine Conflict Becomes Hostage Crisis as Separatists Take Prisoners
Ukrainian journalist and activist Irma Krat arrested by pro-Russian separatists for war crimes
Russian President Vladimir Putin has signed laws simplifying procedures for Russian speakers in the former Soviet Union to obtain Russian citizenship and on obligations for migrant laborers working in Russia.
Nigeria: Latest Boko Haram massacre; over 150 dead
India Wants To Take On US Hegemony Over The Internet... By Renaming It The Equinet
China: Violent Government Thugs Beaten To Death By Angry Crowds After They Killed A Man Documenting Their Brutality
North Korean new generation losing faith in the regime: After decades of absolute control, Pyongyangs iron grip on the lives of ordinary citizens is finally slipping
Arab royal hunts down 2,100 internationally protected houbara bustards in three week safari
Bolivia raises minimum wage by 20%
CEO Of Russian Facebook Says He Was Fired And That The Social Network Is Now In The Hands Of Putin Allies - So ends the slow unravelling of independence at VKontakte, Russias most popular social network.
Chinas new environment law submitted to parliament... will give legal backing to Beijings newly declared war on pollution and formalise a pledge made last year to abandon a decades-old growth-at-all-costs economic model that has spoiled much of Chinas water, skies and soil.
DSL router patch merely hides backdoor instead of closing it - Researcher finds secret knock opens admin for some Linksys, Netgear routers.
North Korea erupts with anti-gay tirade against UN Human Rights Chair
Ultra-Orthodox Jews are resisting new laws which force them to join the army
US releases photos of Russian special forces soldier operating in eastern Ukraine.
Russia bans Tatar leader from Crimea after Putin signs decree
Spanish Congress rejects Catalan independence referendum
Sri Lanka to deport British tourist with Buddha tattoo
US ordered to release memo in Anwar al-Awlaki drone killing
Everests Sherpas Issue List of Demands
Chinese hackers are stealing our secrets - US Admiral
It is a significant shift in how Russian ground forces approach a problem, - James G. Stavridis, the retired admiral and former NATO commander.
Leaflets Given To Donetsk Jews Made Waves Worldwide, But Not In Donetsk
Extremist Hindu leader in India calls to evict Muslims and loot and burn their properties
First sign of South Korea ferry disaster was call from a frightened boy who is among the missing - The Globe and Mail
Hundreds of people were killed because of their ethnicity after South Sudan rebels seized the oil hub of Bentiu last week
Rockets from Gaza hit Israel, army launches airstrikes in Passover clash
Trial of Al Jazeera journalists resumes: Correspondent Peter Greste and producers Mohammed Fahmy and Baher Mohamed appear in court in Egyptian capital Cairo.
Fukushima disaster: Tokyo hides truth as children die, become ill from radiation - ex-mayor
Activity has increased at North Koreas nuclear test site ahead of a visit by US President Barack Obama to the region
More than Two-Thirds of Afghanistan Reconstruction Money has Gone to One Company: DynCorp International
683 Muslim Brotherhood Supporters Sentenced to Death in Egypt
Hitlers former maid Elisabeth Kalhammer breaks her silence after 71 years
Cold War Spy-Satellite Images Unveil Lost Cities. Photos triple number of known archaeological sites across the Middle East, revealing thousands of ancient cities, roads, canals, and other ruins.
China bans The Big Bang Theory and other American shows from the internet; analysts say government censors are concerned with ideological issues.
Desmond Tutu has said he is happy Nelson Mandela is dead - so he does not have to see what South Africas current leaders are doing to the country
BP and Shell exposed as US prepares first warning shot against Russias oil and gas industry
John Kerry told the Trilateral Commission that Israel risks becoming an apartheid state if it doesnt make peace
China releases trove of Japanese sex slave records
Australian State Government urges boycott of Ben &amp; Jerrys ice cream over WWF propaganda on Great Barrier Reef
60,000 Chinese Workers Continue Historic Strike
Human Rights Watch report: Israel structurally shooting unarmed Gaza civilians.
Pro-Russia forces free Swedish military observer held in Ukraine: It wasnt immediately clear why only Johansson was released, but the pro-Russian insurgents had accused the group of being NATO spies and Sweden isnt a member of the trans-Atlantic alliance.
Missing Flight MH370: Exploration company believes it may have found MH370
Food Prices In Russia Grew 40 times faster than in Europe for 1st quarter of 2014
Mayor of eastern Ukrainian city shot
Hungarians march against anti-Semitism after far-right poll gains
Ukraine crisis: EU set to intensify Russia sanctions
US judge rules search warrants extend to overseas email accounts
Mayor of Kharkov, Ukraine shot in back, hospitalized
Syrias Assad to run for third term as president
Russian vice-premier visits North Korea to discuss economic ties
The Toll Of 5 Years Of Drone Strikes: 2,400 Dead
Russia Unexpectedly Raises Main Rate as S&amp;P Lowers Rating
Ukraine: kidnapped observers paraded by pro-Russian gunmen in Slavyansk
Snowden to reveal secrets of Arab dictators
Pirate Party founder Rick Falkvinge admits using drugs and enjoying it, slams Sweden for deranged and destructive drugs policy that leads police to arrest anyone on any bullshit suspicion
Turkey to require pet owners to undergo mandatory certification. A new law also will forbid the sale of most animals in pet shops.
U.S. Taped Moscow Plotting Chaos
Ukraine loses at least $80 billion since Russia takes Crimea: Ukraine has lost at least $80 billion since Russia annexed its southern Crimea region and the price tag will be much higher when Kiev includes lost profits and the value of possible energy reserves in the Black Sea.
The Chernobyl arch alone will end up costing about $1.5 billion, financed largely by the United States and about 30 other nations.
The Pentagon says Russias defense chief has assured Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel that Russia will not invade Ukraine
Rio Olympics preparations worst I have ever seen, says IOC vice-president
Dispatch 31 - Simon Ostrovsky describes his kidnapping
Saudi Arabia criticises Norway over human rights record
Israel okayed nearly 14,000 settler homes
Prosecutor General: Yanukovych took $32 billion to Russia, financing separatism in Ukraine
A television debate show in northern India has ended in horror after a spectator set himself ablaze and embraced a local politician
30,000 Chinese Factory Workers Strike Against Maker of Nike Sneakers
IED kills one Ukrainian soldier, injures one.
Stop using Microsofts IE browser until bug is fixed, US and UK warn
Several wounded when pro-Russian separatists attacked a rally in support of Ukrainian unity
US senators remove requirement for disclosure over drone strike victims | World news
No sign of Russian troops withdrawing from Ukraine border-NATO official
European Union moves to end smartphone patent wars
Video of South Korean ferrys captain being rescued in his underwear, and speakers telling students to not move.
Israels High Court rules in favor of Palestinians in the West Bank Area C
Russian says was irresponsible to send monitors to east Ukraine
Russia, Iran In Talks To Sign $10 Billion Energy Deal
Ukraines Pro-Russian Candidate Quits Presidential Race
Afghan couple hack off nose, ears of cleric who sexually assaulted their daughter
WHO says world poised for post-antibiotic era
U.S. would react immediately if Russia invaded Ukraine, says American ambassador
US offers $5 million bounty for China executive accused of trying to sell missile technology to Iran
Afghans repel attack by 300 militants on base, kill 60 militants
Japan to refuse entry to 23 Russians due to sanctions over Crimea annexation
Fukushima Nuclear Plant Operator Tepco announces $4.3 Billion Profit
Scorpions drummer James Kottak jailed in Dubai for insulting Islam
Russian Deputy Prime Minister says: After analyzing the sanctions against our space industry, I suggest to the USA to bring their astronauts to the International Space Station using a trampoline
Ukraine on full combat alert against possible Russia invasion
Explosion at Xinjiangs largest train station, cause and casualties still unclear
China poised to pass US as worlds leading economic power this year
American Abu Ghraib Prisoner Disappears: Shawki Ahmed Omar disappeared around the time the others were transferred. Repeat requests for information on his whereabouts by his family have fallen on the deaf ears of the Iraqi authorities; the US authorities claim to know nothing as well.
Russia parliament approves Internet-restricting bills
Gunmen have stormed Libyas parliament and started shooting, according to officials.
Kiev says security forces helpless to restore order in east, as more buildings seized
Prosecutor: Yanukovychs Mafia Government Stole Up To $100 Billion From Ukraine And Some Of It Is Funding Rebels.
Pakistans spy agency ISI accused of kidnapping and killing journalists | Amnesty International details journalists claims of harassment, intimidation and attacks at the hands of military intelligence.
New satellite imagery confirms continued activity at North Koreas main nuclear test site that is consistent with preparations for an atomic detonation
David Cameron has pledged to step down as Prime Minister after next years general election if he could not deliver on his promise to hold a referendum on Britains membership of the European Union.
1.4 million workers are employed on zero-hours contracts in Britain annually
Hess and Mercuria Added to Crude Oil Price-Fixing Suit; joining BP, Shell, and Statoil in alleged conspiracy [Bloomberg]
Real-life Atlantis? The worlds megacities that are sinking 10 times faster than water levels are rising - Scientists have issued a new warning to the worlds coastal megacities that the threat from subsiding land is a more immediate problem than rising sea levels caused by global warming.
Pro-Russia separitists seize control in another Ukrainian city
Guardian obtains footage of police officer firing Taser at naked man
Tokyo hit by 6.2 magnitude earthquake (May 5th, 2014, 5:16 am)
New nature preserve will be the largest on Earth - At more than 500,000 square miles, the marine park is twice the size of Texas and three times the size of Germany
Young blood rejuvenates brains and muscles of old mice: If three discoveries in mice reported on Sunday are applicable to people, making old brains and old muscles perform like young ones may require simply a blood transfusion.
Ukraine: Civilians gearing up to face civil war, learning to handle weapons
Chinas military has initiated a number of measures in preparation for a possible regime collapse in North Korea, a leaked military document suggests
Russian Stocks Decline Second Day as Ukraine Clashes Spread
Switzerland has frozen $193 million in Ukrainian assets
Irelands murder rate rockets by 66%, standing at 20 people killed after the first 4 months of 2014.
WHO declares Polio spread International public health emergency
German IT expert hacks NSA homepage
Ukraine Is Nearing State of War, Says Former U.S. Ambassador to Moscow
Russia to Prosecute Crimean Tatar Protesters Over Unrest
Infusions of young blood may reverse some effects of ageing, studies suggest
40 Maps That Explain The Middle East
Netanyahu pushes to define Israel as nation state of Jewish people only
Netanyahu pushes to define Israel as nation state of Jewish people only | World news
In Ukraine, separatists seize one of last government sites in Donetsk
First Ever Charge for Female Genital Mutilation in UK After 28 Years of Law  Top Gynecologist Warns Do Not Prosecute
Turkish opposition: Erdoan will become dictator with de facto presidential system
China gives 10-year sentence to leaker of military secrets
Side deals with Moscow thwart drive to wean Europe off Russian gas [Reuters]
Polio Spreading at Alarming Rates, World Health Organization Declares
Claims 220 Australian child sailors raped, brutalised in the 80s
Indonesian Villagers Driven from Villages in Palm Oil Land Theft
Polio cases: WHO recommends travel restrictions on Pakistan - Pakistan,Somalia and Iraq
End The War On Drugs, Say Nobel Prize-Winning Economists
President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said Indonesia is not a Muslim country and any efforts to turn it into one must be resisted
Great Barrier Reefs unprecedented threat from Australian PM Tony Abbotts decision to dredge and dump
Ukrainian girl gunned down as she was delivering sandwiches to pro-Russian activists
Putin backs Ukraine election: Russias Putin says Ukraine presidential poll is a step in the right direction and urges halt to all violence
We will take on horrendous Boko Haram to find 200 kidnapped schoolgirls: Barack Obama
U.S. Sending Team To Help With Search For Abducted Nigerian Girls
Russia is fomenting disorder in Ukraine to disrupt election: They [Ukrainians] cannot be bullied out of having their elections by disorder that is deliberately fomented and co-ordinated from another country  in this case from Russia. 
Intelligence officials to Congress: Israel crossed red lines in spying on U.S.
Europe softens stance on Canadas oil sands as relations with Russia sour
Russia demands $3.8bn security deposit from Visa and Mastercard
Russia Will No Longer Tell Lithuania about Kaliningrad Weaponry, which May Include Nuclear Weapons
For the first time, the Vatican unveils how it punished thousands of pedophile priests  ... It had protected pedophile priests. Well-known child sexual abusers have been transferred from parish to parish or to other countries in an attempt by the church to cover-up such crimes, the U.N. alleged.
Ukraine intel audio shows Russian involvement, plan to falsify Donetsk referendum
A Thai court has ruled that Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra must step down over abuse of power charges.
Air pollution too high in most of worlds cities. The World Health Organization says air pollution in many of the worlds cities is breaching its guidelines.
A mob of nearly 3,000 attacked Hindu households and a temple in eastern Bangladesh after two youths from the community allegedly insulted Prophet Muhammad on Facebook
Russia to send first batch of Yak-130 jets to Syria
NATO troops in East Europe could be permanent after Crimea crisis: NATO will have to consider permanently stationing troops in parts of Eastern Europe in response to the crisis in Ukraine and Russias annexation of Crimea, the organisations top military commander said Tuesday.
Israels Peres says Netanyahu blocked 2011 peace deal.
Russia imposes bloggers law.
Putin says Russian troops have pulled back from Ukraine border.
Philippine police confirm detention of Chinese fishing boat in waters close to the disputed Spratly Islands over haul of 500 turtles
Israel mulls internment for Arab hate crimes - Israel plans to use detention without trial against Jewish extremists suspected of anti-Arab hate crimes, a minister has announced, amid mounting criticism over government failure to secure prosecutions.
MSF (Doctors Without Borders) halts most Central African Republic work as government fails to condemn killing of 16 people at one of its clinics
Fast-food workers announce global protest, walkouts set for 33 countries
Vietnamese government shows reporters footage of Chinese Coast Guard ramming and using water cannons on Vietnamese ships after they attempted to block illegal drilling rigs in disputed waters of the South China Sea. Vietnamese claim 80 Chinese ships were deployed including 7 military vessels.
War on drugs is a failure.
German NSA investigative panel to allow Snowden to testify
Tony Abbott has proposed to cut out 74,000 hectares of forest in Tasmania from World Heritage status in order to allow industrial logging
A court in Saudi Arabia has sentenced the editor of an Internet forum he founded to discuss the role of religion in the conservative Islamic kingdom to 10 years in jail and 1,000 lashes
NATO says no evidence Putin pulled back troops from Ukrainian border
Syria: the capital of Syrias revolution surrenders to Assad
Russia Plans to Colonize Moon by 2030, Newspaper Reports
Almost 100 IRA fugitives who were given letters of comfort from Tony Blairs government stating they were no longer wanted for past crimes are suspects in nearly 300 murder cases, a senior police commander has admitted.
UK deploys a destroyer to track Russian aircraft carrier
Chinese police will soon patrol the streets of paris
Ukrainians Favor Unity, Not Russia, Pew Polls Find
USAF General: Russian Long-Ranged Aircraft Skim California Coast
Obama Withdrawing Trade Preferences for Russia
Japanese Man Arrested For Possession of 3D Printed Gun  Claims A gun makes power equal
Fast-food restaurant employees are to hold a global day of protest and strike action next week. Planned under the banner of an international trade union, the workers agreed to launch their movement on May 15 with strikes in 150 US cities and protests in 33 countries.
336 massacred by militants in Nigeria
Huge blast reported near secret Iran nuclear site; City of Qazvin closed
Northern Ireland women not entitled in free abortions in England, court rules | Pro-choice campaigners dismayed at ruling that will affect hundreds of women who cross Irish Sea for terminations.
Obama Removing Special Trade Benefits for Russia
The internet will have almost 3 billion users by the end of the year, UN report says
United States warns of imminent North Korea nuclear test
North Korea making final preparations for nuclear test
Moscow: U.S., NATO Missile Shield is Anti-Russian
Rio 2016 so far behind schedule the IOC considering using London 2012 sites instead.
Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has attacked wind farms as utterly offensive and a blight on the landscape in the latest sign that the Abbott government intends to cut back on renewable energy
Pope Francis Calls For Legitimate Redistribution Of Wealth To The Poor.
Beijing to the US by train: China outlines plans to connect world by high speed rail network
Soviets saved Europe from fascism, says Vladimir Putin on war anniversary
Israel sends more spies to unearth US secrets than any other ally: Newsweek
China is considering plans to build a high-speed railway line to the US
Casualties as fighting breaks out in Ukraine port city of Mariupol
A newly discovered, 3,100-year-old Egyptian tomb includes intricate hieroglyphics describing the afterlife
Defector: Shadowy organization, not Kim Jong Un, controls North Korea  Amanpour
Coca-Cola to close two Russian juice plants as market shrinks
Australian Government Wants to Selectively Slaughter Sharks for Three More Years
6.8 Earthquake - 40 miles NW of Acapulco, Mexico
Putin Arrives in Crimea for First Visit Since Annexation
Honest Sri Lankan student gets to keep $80,000
Turkey caught shipping weapons to terrorists in syria
US voices concerns at sale of French warships to Russia
Canadian Government snooping on social media may breach Privacy Act
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang unveiled extra aid for Africa totalling at least $12 billion and offered to share advance technology with the continent
Spanish and Portuguese fishing boats targeting sharks after collapse in tuna catches
Muslim world scholars condemn Nigeria kidnapping
Putin visits annexed Crimea, hails its return to the Motherland
Russia bars Canadian, U.S. officials as Ukraine separatists rebuff Putin
Ukraine PM says he suspects Putin plot for victory day: Yatseniuk said he feared Moscow was planning an incident involving veterans who fought with the Soviet army in defeating the Nazis.
Islamic officials from around the world unanimously condemn and denounce Boko Harams abduction of girls
Govt to axe Australian Renewable Energy Agency
Russia blogger bill authorized today, requires bloggers to publicize identity, all posts will be inspected by government officials and any terrorist or propagating posts are subject to fines and imprisonment.
Japanese whalers have restarted operations in the north-west Pacific only weeks after the United Nations highest court banned Japans so-called scientific whaling program in the Antarctic
Brazil Police warn visitors, Dont scream if robbed
Cocaine use in Britain so high it has contaminated our drinking water, report shows
Over 540 million people (66.4% of electorate) just finished voting in Indias month-long general election, the largest democratic exercise in the world to date
The Pirate Bay to be Blocked by Australian Government
IEA: Decarbonising the economy will save $71 trillion by 2050
2,000 tons of whale meat arrives in Japan from Iceland
Lost Vincent van Gogh painting found in bank safe
Photos of dead turtles in Chinese ship anger Filipinos
Ukraine Guardsmen open fire on crowd.
Nereus deep sea sub implodes 10km-down
David Cameron: Taxes will rise unless we can raid bank accounts
400 US mercenaries deployed on ground in Ukraine military op
One billion people still defecate in public despite health risks-UN
France to redraw nations map to save money
Ukrainian troops open artillery fire at village of Adreyevka, Donetsk region - headquarters of Donetsk regions self-defense forces
Obama aims oil weapon at Putin but will he pull the trigger? Oil prices heading for major correction after Russias attempt to use crude as a weapon to bully Western powers backfires
Brazil Built The Worlds Second-Most Expensive Soccer Stadium In A City With No Pro Team
Court orders Turkey to pay Cyprus over invasion: Europes top human rights court on Monday ordered Turkey to pay 90 million euros ($123 million) to Cyprus over the 1974 invasion of the island and its subsequent division, in one of the largest judgments in its history.
Russian officials(Rogozin) attempted to smuggle lists calling on independence of Transnistria. The lists were confiscated by Moldavian officers.
Mexico: A Zetas founder among 6 dead in shootout
Girl who escaped Boko Haram abduction speaks publicly about ordeal
Ukraine crisis: National guardsmen fire into crowd - World
Found after 500 years, the wreck of Christopher Columbuss flagship the Santa Maria
Right to be forgotten: EU court rules Google must amend results on request. Individuals have right to control their data and can ask search engines to remove results, says European court.
13 arrested for cutting buffalo milk with cheaper cow milk in Italian cheese scandal.
British police ask blogger to remove legitimate tweet criticising UK political party
Joe Bidens son joins the team of Burisma Holdings, Ukraines largest private gas producer
How the NSA tampers with US-made internet routers &amp; servers heading overseas
Seven car bombs went off almost simultaneously in Baghdad killing at least 21 people
There are now more than 100 billionaires living in Britain, the highest number per capita of any other country in the world.
The current Australian Government proposes a budget that would make egregious cuts to funding for social services, the Health/Science/Education/Arts &amp; Entertainment industries, and much more.
World Health Organization finds alcohol causes one in 20 deaths globally
Canada orders extradition to India of mother and uncle for their role in honor killing of a young Sikh woman
Former Israeli PM Ehud Olmert handed six-year jail sentence
Western Antarctic ice sheet collapse has already begun, scientists warn. Loss is inevitable and will cause up to four metres of additional sea-level rise.
Isabel Carrasco, a top female politician in the northern Spanish town of Leon, is shot dead on a public street
Beijing just handed out the citys largest-ever fine for air pollutionto a US joint venture
Egypt To Put Six Homosexual Men On Trial For Organizing Gay Party
ICC to examine claims that British troops carried out war crimes in Iraq
Sharp rise in French Jews leaving for Israel
United Nations: It is difficult to reconcile Canadas well-developed legal framework and general prosperity with the human rights problems faced by indigenous peoples in Canada that have reached crisis proportions in many respects.
Canadian Special Forces on the ground in Nigeria.
A Future Of Thirst: Water Crisis Lies On The Horizon -- The next time your throat is as dry as a bone and the Sun is beating down, take a glass of clean, cool water. Savour it. Sip by sip. Vital and appreciated as that water is, it will be even more precious to those who will follow you.
Donetsk Peoples Republic will start its own anti-terrorist operation in Donetsk region against Ukrainian military forces if they dont leave in 48-hours
Romania seeks explanation from Russia over TU-160 threat
Former IRA activists are to sue Boston College over its decision to hand tapes of their stories from the Troubles to the police.
Former CIA director: We kill people based on metadata
FIFA head calls Qatar 2020 World Cup a mistake
Villagers Kill 200 Boko Haram Insurgents With Dane Guns, Arrows; Catch 10 Alive.
Young people feel they have nothing to live for Almost a third of long-term unemployed young people have contemplated taking their own lives.
Steel Workers in Mariupol, Ukraine seize the city and out Pro-Russian Militants
Bosnia and Serbia emergency after worst ever floods
Russian Proton rocket carrying advanced satellite crashes
UKs oil, coal and gas gone in five years. In just over five years Britain will have run out of oil, coal and gas, researchers have warned.
Turkish PM Erdogan punches a citizen of Soma, where 300+ miners died in an explosion, because he was protesting along with the rest of the town for him to resign.
Google swamped by takedown requests after court ruling: European ruling on right to be forgotten prompts numerous requests to remove personal info
The remains of a teenage girl who fell to her death in an underground cave system in Mexico 12,000 years ago have thrown fresh light on the origins of the first Americans | DNA recovered from 12,000-year-old skeleton help to dispel claims that first Americans came from Australia, Asia or Europe.
Pro-Russian insurgents retreat in eastern Ukraine city as steelworkers begin patrols
NATO Chief Says Russia Cant Be Trusted Over Ukraine
Report: Russian space rocket breaks apart after launch in Kazakhstan
Police tear gas Turkey mine protest: Turkish police fire tear gas at thousands of protesters in town of Soma where some 300 miners died on Tuesday
NATOs Secretary General Tells Europe To Stop Relying On The US And Provide Its Own Defense
UN report documents alarming deterioration in human rights in eastern Ukraine
China blames Vietnam, says will not cede inch of disputed territory
Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoan filmed slapping civilian protesting about the Turkey Mine Explosion.
Modi on brink of power as India vote count begins
Hong Kong begins burning its entire stockpile of illegal ivory, joining the US, China &amp; France in combating the illicit trade
Australia: Flaming Ball Falls from Sky and Crashes Like a Bom
A paralysed Saudi kids tweet about him being abandoned by family goes viral. He ends up getting 1000s of visitors and over US $100K in donations from strangers to royal family.
A photograph of an aide kicking a protester may be just the beginning of Erdogans problems
The leader of a Chinese baby trafficking ring that brought 23 boys and pregnant women from Vietnam was sentenced to death Friday, a state news agency reported.
Australian Opposition Leader calls Tony Abbott a coward and says Try Us when threatened with Double Dissolution after negative backlash from recent budget
Tens of thousands gather in Australian capital cities to protest the Abbott governments cuts against health, welfare and education, the Murdoch press runs with The Ferals Are Revolting.
Chilean activist destroys student debt papers worth $500m
Food should be regulated like tobacco, say campaigners: The food industry should be regulated like the tobacco industry as obesity poses a greater global health risk than cigarettes, say international groups.
U.S. to Sue Chinese Military for Digital Espionage
Thousands flee record flooding in Bosnia, Serbia: Everything is destroyed. Three months worth of rain has fallen on the region in three days this week, creating the worst floods since records began being kept 120 years ago.
25 tons of tetrachloroethane spilled in Fuchun River, China~ drinking water shut-off
NYU promises workers constructing their Abu Dhabi campus will be treated fairly and humanely. Evidence has surfaced that those promises were overwhelmingly false.
Credit Suisse to admit running a criminal enterprise helping US tax dodgers
Kremlin says President Putin has ordered troops near Ukraine to return to their home bases.
Italian airline Alitalia has announced that it is suspending all flights to Venezuela due to the ongoing critical currency situation in the country, which is no longer economically sustainable.
Scientists finally hope to turn light into matter - after 80 years of trying
Russias President Putin orders troops near Ukraine border to return immediately to their permanent bases
Venezuela vowed yesterday to accuse the United States of meddling in its political crisis at the United Nations and other international organisations.
Pope to visit Palestinian refugee camp, Western Wall
No signs of Russian troops withdrawal along Ukrainian border, NATO says
South Korea is to break up its coastguard in the wake of the ferry disaster in which nearly 300 people died, says President Park Geun-hye.
Palestine urges EU to blacklist Jewish terrorists
Fukushima Seawater Radiation Rises To New All Time High
Israel to use drones to track West Bank hate crime perpetrators
Putin to India: Together well scale new heights
Manmohan Singh resigns as Prime Minister of India, says his tenure is open book
Poisoned Sheep in Australia Its like dealing with a thousand heroin addicts.
Sir Jack Brabham, three-time Formula One world drivers champion and icon of world motorsport, dies aged 88
Since last Monday, the German army has been conducting its largest military exercises since the 1980s.
Russia seizes accounts of Ukraine chocolate tycoon/politician
France Mistakenly Orders 2,000 Trains Which Are Too Wide For Its Platforms
VIDEO: CCTV footage indicates killed Palestinian youths posed no threat when shot by Israeli forces
Tony Abbotts daughter did not have to pay for 60000 design degree
Russia and China seal historic multibillion gas deal
China Arrests Former CEO Of JPMorgan Asia
Australian PM Tony Abbott has winked and smiled to a radio host while being confronted by an angry pensioner who claims to have been forced to work on a sex line to make ends meet.
UK Green Party rejects millionaires donation because he is not a full UK taxpayer
Thousands of protesters march to the steps of Parliament during a national day of action against the Australian Governments plan to deregulate student fees.
The silent epidemic - Depression is the top cause of illness and disability among adolescents globally, the World Health Organisation (WHO) revealed last week.
Russian planes violeted Finnish air space. Fighters were scrambled to the area causing a sonic boom.
Eight church leaders detained for refusing to leave Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbotts electoral office
4 dead, 21 injured in stabbing on Taipei metro
Australian PM winks during question from pensioner forced to work on sex line
Not a coup, says Thai general on television channel he has seized control of
Drone strikes are justified - even if innocent civilians are mistakenly killed, New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says. Key confirmed yesterday that intelligence collected by New Zealand might be passed to the controversial US program.
China and Russia fail to reach agreement on gas deal
Indias Modi extends olive branch to Pakistan, invites Sharif to inauguration
US to Israel: Investigate killing of Palestinian teens
Jean-Marie Le Pen suggests Ebola as solution to global population explosion | Virus could sort out demographic explosion and by extension Europes immigration problem, says founder of Front National
Study: Diaspora Jews say occupation, Orthodoxy threaten Israel
Russia And China Sign Gas Pipeline Mega-Deal
A Nazi salute isnt illegal racial discrimination provided its intended as a personal statement, Switzerlands top court ruled
Iranians arrested by government for dancing to Pharrells Happy
E-Cigarettes Help Smokers Quit, Study Says
Modern slavery generates $150 billion in profits globally per year for those who exploit them, the International Labour Organisation has said.
All three matadors gored in opening of San Isidro festival. Event cancelled.
Indias new PM to Use Solar to Bring Power to Every Home by 2019
Uruguays President Jose Mujica wants to host Syrian children victims of war in his summer residence
US Govt does not deny it routinely spies to advance American economic advantage
North Korea fires artillery, misses South Korea ship near disputed sea border
Egyptian doctor to stand trial for female genital mutilation in landmark case
Official Japanese government report estimated that the Fukushima disaster has so far released 75% more radioactive cesium than the Chernobyl disaster.
Manga about Fukushima cleanup operation becomes hit in Japan: Kazuto Tatsuta, who worked on cleanup at nuclear plant, hopes his work tells people about things that the media never see
Pentagon report: scope of intelligence compromised by Snowden staggering
We will not tolerate any demands or right to apostasy by Muslims, or deny Muslims their right to be governed by Shariah Courts and neither will we allow Muslims to engage in LGBT activities - Malaysian PM
Good news: Warming waters extend swim season. Bad news: Theyre full of monster jellyfish
China proposes security alliance to counter U.S. influence
Russia and China have vetoed a U.N. Security Council resolution referring the Syrian crisis to the International Criminal Court for investigation of possible war crimes.
Chinas Xinjiang Uygur:31 dead, 94 injured in Urumqi terrorist bombing
World Bank and aid donors accused of enabling land grabs: Millions of smallholder farmers worldwide have been left homeless and hungry because of private investment promoted by policies such as tax breaks and cheap loans
Sweden: Five extreme-left militants were sentenced to prison on Wednesday for politically motivated and unfathomable crimes, after they mistook two Slovak guest workers for Swedish neo-Nazis and attacked them.
My job is not to win a popularity contest: Tony Abbott shrugs off disastrous poll results as state premiers promise to inflict more political pain over budget cuts
Russia has launched a government-owned search engine
Prime Minister Tony Abbott says he decided to cancel a university visit today because he did not want to give students an excuse for a riot.
Ukraine crisis: Many soldiers die in Donetsk attack
Turkish Gay rights activist sued by Prime Minister Erdoan fined for using word queer in tweet
Painful and rapid spread of new virus in Caribbean
JPMorgan, HSBC and Credit Agricole accused of euro rate-fixes
Visa CEO Charlie Scharf says the company may stop operations in Russia if the international payment systems are obliged to make guarantee payments of hundreds of millions of dollars
Muslim terrorists blamed for market bombings in China that kill 31
WikiLeaks reveals that NSA spies on almost all of Afghanistans communications
Merrill Lynch, Charles Schwab Accounts Linked To Mexican Drug Cartels: SEC
Twitters blocking of blasphemous content raises questions over its censorship policy
I was framed: Court outburst by billionaire mining tycoon Liu Han as he is sentenced to death
Footage of Palestinian boys being shot is genuine, says Israeli rights group: BTselem contradicts Israeli military claims that CCTV footage showing deaths is either forged or was edited misleadingly
New meteor shower may burst into meteor storm Friday night
Environmental activists protest Japans killing of thousands of dolphins in a secluded cove by filing a lawsuit
Great Barrier Reef: Deutsche Bank rules out funding for controversial Abbot Point coal terminal expansion
Syria video shows chlorine gas floating in streets: Syrian opposition activists have posted a video of what they say is chlorine gas floating through the streets of a village, the first such footage of they say is a chemical weapon campaign by President Bashar al-Assad.
Russia will recognise outcome of Ukraine poll, says Vladimir Putin
Ecuador Issues Permit To Drill In Pristine Amazon Reserve
Glasgow School of Art is burning down
New Zealand PM John Key Confirms Legal Data-Sharing with U.S.; Justifies U.S. Drone Strikes | Mr Key has confirmed that data gathered by the Government Communications Security Bureau (GCSB) may have been used to identify the targets for U.S. attacks using unmanned aircraft.
Cave Paintings Discovered in Spain: The caves location will only be revealed once security measures are in place, after vandals defaced a 5,000-year-old rock painting in Spains southern Jan province in April.
Catholic Bishop who was forced to resign over building costs gets to live in new $43-million HQ until the Vatican finds new job for him
Revenge porn victims receive boost from German court ruling
India slaps anti-dumping duty on U.S., China solar imports.
Dublin Activists Occupied the Bank of Ireland
Authorities in Bosnia have banned civilians from entering two villages they marked as potential epidemic flashpoints after record floods devastated the Balkan region last week.
Germanys highest criminal court has ruled that the country has jurisdiction over the case of a retired Minnesota carpenter that an Associated Press investigation exposed as a former commander in a Nazi SS-led unit.
US ordered to return seven books from Schneerson collection to Russia ($50,000/day overdue fines)
Airstrikes in Pakistan kill 60
Guatemalas ex-president was sentenced to nearly six years in prison for accepting bribes, as a U.S. judge rejected leniency and said government corruption must be stamped out worldwide
Attack on Indian consulate in Herat, Afghanistan
Vladimir Putin says Russia will respect result of Ukraines presidential election
The Soma coal mine, where 301 workers lost their lives, received a perfect score in March by an official inspector, who is the brother-in-law of a senior executive of the company
A Pakistani woman has been stoned to death by her family in front of a Pakistan high court for marrying the man she loves.
Pope Francis declares zero tolerance for clergy linked to sexual abuse, says he will meet victims next month.
World Meteorological Organization: Carbon Dioxide hits 400ppm, Time is running out
IMF chief says banks havent changed since financial crisis. Still resisting reform and taking excessive risks.
Pope Francis says he favors celibacy for priests but that door is open to change
Coca-Cola accused of obscene hypocrisy in 20 million anti-obesity drive
Syrian Rebels Describe U.S.-Backed Training in Qatar
Putin says Kiev must stop military operation in east Ukraine
Elderly Chinese people committing suicide before end of the month to avoid provinces looming ban on burials
South Korea offers $500,000 reward for tips about missing billionaire Sewol ferry owner Yoo Byung-eun
Canada needs a Hawaii: Turks &amp; Caicos premier visits Ottawa
Gunman who killed three people at a Jewish museum in Belgium was cold-blooded and very determined, officials said today, leading some security experts to suggest that he may have been a hitman rather than an anti-Semitic lone wolf
Ukraine Retakes Airport, After Airstrikes And Dozens Of Deaths
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg ordered to appear in Iran court
Japan creates new national holiday for overworked population
Palestinians to unveil unity government | President Abbas to announce cabinet by Thursday, ending seven years of rivalry between Fatah and Hamas, official says.
EU Safety Institutions Caught Plotting an Industry escape route Around Looming Pesticide Ban
Bees trained to seek TNT instead of sugary sweets will soon be used to detect left-over landmines
Frances UMP ordered 10m fake invoices to hide Sarkozy campaign spending
Dutch police on Tuesday arrested six Greenpeace activists after they chained a Russian oil drilling platform destined for the Arctic to a dock to prevent it from leaving a Netherlands port
Chinese Boat Attacks, Sinks Vietnam Fishing Vessel, Vietnam Says
A Chinese Internet information body has complained of unscrupulous surveillance by U.S. intelligence agencies over the rest of the world, and called for an immediate cessation of the practice, saying that operations have gone far beyond the legal rationale of anti-terrorism.
Clashes over control of Donetsk airport left at least 30 pro-Russian separatists dead, rebels say
The wives of the two jailed Venezuelan opposition mayors win elections with 88% and 73%
Top scientists warn World Health Organization not to classify e-cigarettes as tobacco products, arguing that doing so would jeopardize a major opportunity to slash disease and deaths caused by smoking.
Edward Snowden says he would like to return home but not to a jail cell
A Third of the World is Now Obese or Overweight
The husband of a Pakistani woman stoned to death for refusing to participate in an arranged marriage told CNN her family had demanded 100,000 rupees if the couple wanted to stay alive.
American carries out suicide attack in Syria
Russia, Belarus, and Kazakhstan form Eurasian Economic Union
US Secretary of State John Kerry has labelled intelligence leaker Edward Snowden a fugitive from justice who should man up and return home | Mr Kerry added that if Mr Snowden, 30, believes in America, he should trust the American system of justice.
A volcano is Ethiopia is spewing blue lava
Turkey highest court: YouTube ban violates rights: Turkeys highest court has ruled that the countrys ban on YouTube violates the freedom of expression. The ruling is a setback for Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan, who had advocated the ban of YouTube.
Germany hit for dropping NSA probe plan
Lithuanias president wins second term on anti-Russia platform
Russians Revealed Among Ukraine Fighters
WikiLeaks claims Google director helped the NSA spy on Afghanistan.
US jails Chinese mastermind of rhino horn smuggling ring for six years
U.N. Chemical Weapons Inspectors Attacked in Syria
Ebola expands in Guinea, sickens more in Sierra Leone
China Middle-Class Protests Turn Violent After Petitions Ignored
Assad Destroyed Syrias Oldest Synagogue
Tritium levels at Fukushima No. 1 top Pacific Ocean dumping limit, Tepco admits
Downed Ukraine Helicopter Had General On Board
MH370 is not in the Indian Ocean search zone, authorities say
A Swedish engine company risks a $75,000 fine for telling an Iraqi-born high school student he could not intern with them, because it put them at odds with US export rules
Reports: At least 30 killed at church in Central African Republic | Muslim rebels have stormed a Catholic church compound in the capital of the Central African Republic, killing at least 30 people in a hail of gunfire and grenades, witnesses said.
Pakistan PM Nawaz Sharif orders action on stoning
Crusader against sex trafficking in Cambodia quits amid charges stories were fabricated
India arrests police officers over gang rape
Siberian fisherman accidentally nets 4,000-year-old pagan god
Thousands rallied in Melbourne tonight against the Australian governments proposed healthcare plans.
Canadian Weather Forecasters Forbidden From Discussing Climate Change
Frances largest bank faces record $10-billion fine for helping Sudan, Iran and Cuba elude U.S. sanctions
Report: Israel tapped president Clintons diplomatic calls
Full account of Tony Blairs exchanges with George Bush on Iraq war to be kept secret. (Chilcot Inquiry)
Privacy call for internet browsing in the wake of Edward Snowden leaks | Survey reveals that more than eight out of 10 internet users believe their search history should be kept private
We are Arkady Ostrovsky, Moscow bureau chief, and Edward Carr, foreign editor, Covering the crisis in Ukraine for The Economist. Ask us anything.
40% of EU citizens cant afford a vacation
Formal countdown begins for Scottish vote that could break up United Kingdom
Australian farmer loses court case suing neighbor for contaminating his organic crop with genetically-modified canola whose seed blew 1.5km inside his property
Researchers have succeeded in deterministically transferring the information contained in a quantum bit  the quantum analogue of a classical bit - to a different quantum bit 3 metres away, without the information having travelled through the intervening space: teleportation
Only Chinese-born parliamentarian in UK to quit politics over racist abuse
Turkish Twitter user who created a parody God acoount (similar to @TheTweetOfGod) sentenced to 15 months in prison
Australian PM Tony Abbott to remove secular welfare staff from schools under Christian chaplaincy drive
Arrests over hanged Indian girls
Britains 1940s propaganda films made available online.
BRICS emerging nations close to launching bank
Israeli force apprehends Palestinian wearing suicide belt in West Bank
CAR: At least 30 killed in Muslim raid on Christian church
Donetsk militants send 34 pro-Russian separatists bodies to Russia
Ebola: Deadly outbreak crosses border as mistrust hampers medical staff
Ukraines rebels in crisis after Donetsk coup
South Korea Ferry Search: 2nd Diver Dies Inside Doomed Vessel
Google is building 180 satellites to spread internet access worldwide
King Juan Carlos of Spain abdicates
Authorities cover up radioactive waste dump | A highly radioactive substance, emitting in some places radiation 100 times the permitted amount, has been discovered in the canton of Bern, Swiss media reported on Sunday, adding that authorities had covered it up for 18 months.
7 die in Cambodia after looking for money (equivalent to approx $0.75 USD) in well
Sudan backtracks on pledge to free woman sentenced to death for apostasy
Bilderberg 2014 attendees list released.
One killed, ten wounded after Ukrainian Air Force attack Lugansk administration building
Police Apprehend LGBT Pride Protesters in Moscow
German villagers build own broadband network
World Cup 2014: Hacktivist group Anonymous plan cyber-attack on sponsors including Coca-Cola, Budweiser and Emirates Airline
Former soldiers and intelligence operatives have been sent to infiltrate a network of anti-coal protesters aiming to thwart a multibillion dollar expansion of coal production in Australia.
Oxford university academics support fossil fuel divestment | Fifty-nine University of Oxford academics have signed an open letter urging the institution not to invest in fossil fuel companies. [X-post from /r/divestment]
25 Years Later, Details Emerge of Armys Chaos Before Tiananmen Square
Cameroon troops kills 40 Boko Haram militants
ISIL kills 102-year-old man and family in Syria
Russia takes over UN Security Council chairmanship
YouTube still blocked in Turkey despite top court verdict
Palestinians swear in unity government: Palestinians swore in their first national unity government in seven years on Monday, a move condemned by Israel but not other major players in the Middle East peace process, including the EU and U.S.
Seoul seeks U.S. help with probe into GIs alleged sexual abuse
Egyptian judge defends mass death sentences on demons from hell - Saeed Youssef says the 720 he sentenced included demons disguised in the cloak of Islam who followed Jewish scripture.
Tony Abbott raises eyebrows after linking WWII D-Day memorial with policies on mining and carbon taxes
Indias southern state of Andhra Pradesh has formally split in two, with its northern area carved out to create a new state called Telangana
Israel Condemns Plans for Palestinian Unity Government
Nigeria will cease to exist by December 2015  Biafra Movement Leader
Nigeria: Boko Haram Kills 85, Burns Three Villages in Borno, Adamawa
Relatives of Chinese citizens gunned down during the 1989 Tiananmen massacre have defied unprecedented Communist Party attempts to silence them to demand the truth about their loved-ones deaths ahead of todays 25th anniversary of the crackdown.
David Camerons house fracked by protestors
Nigerian military court-martials 15, including 10 generals, for aiding Boko Haram
The mayor of Venice is among 35 people arrested in Italy over alleged corruption in connection with new flood barriers built to protect the city.
Poll: Australians concern about climate change &amp; a desire for the government to take action is on the rise. 45% want action now whatever the cost, as survey reveals a 9-point rise in the strongest response since 2012
Obama expected to ask Abbott to put climate change back on G20 agenda
US coastguard releases Chinese boat accused of illegal fishing in North Pacific. Vessel caught with half a tonne of salmon and high-seas net widely condemned as highly destructive to marine life
North Korea asked Japan for food and medical aid
Anti-marijuana candidate loses in Uruguay primary
People more negative about Russia: Peoples views of Russia have strongly deteriorated since last year
The worlds leading industrialized nations meet without Russia for the first time in 17 years on Wednesday, leaving President Vladimir Putin out of the talks in retaliation for his seizure of Crimea and Russias part in destabilizing eastern Ukraine.
Protests for kidnapped girls banned in Nigerian capital
OSCE confirms that deadly explosion at Lugansk HQ which killed civilians was indeed a non-guided missiles launched from an aircraft. While Ukraine military confirmed they fired 150 missiles in Lugansk area that day
Rouhani: We shouldnt interfere in peoples lives to such an extent, even out of compassion. Let them choose their own path to heaven.
Lithuania is set to adopt the euro on 1 January 2015, after the European Commission said it had met the criteria for joining the single currency.
Heavy fighting is taking place in and around the rebel-held city of Sloviansk in eastern Ukraine
Finlands Foreign Ministry has adopted a corruption trigger for reporting the misuse of development aid. The online service is the first of its kind to be used by the Finnish public service and is available in Finnish, Swedish and English.
Protestors in Spain Dont Want to Have a King Anymore: Thousands of Spaniards &amp; Mexicans are welcoming new king by chanting pro-Republican slogans like Monarchy Out!, Up With the Third Republic!, &amp; Referendum Now!
Germany investigates alleged NSA Merkel phone tap: Germanys chief federal prosecutor says he has opened an investigation into the alleged monitoring of Chancellor Angela Merkels cell phone by the U.S. National Security Agency.
Sweden considers making programming an alternative to shop class
China, once the manual labour workshop of the world, has become the largest buyer of industrial robots
An Uproar in Australia Over Proposal to Deregulate Tuition
Major explosion, fire at Shell plant in the Netherlands
Australias one hundred days of truth-telling: Operation Blame the Victims was in full swing again today as Scott Morrison insisted that it was the unarmed men who received the beating who are to blame
Activists stage fracking protest at David Camerons home: Signs to drill under PMs cottage in Cotswold put up to protest against tresspass law changes expected in Queens speech
The Worlds first waste-to-biofuels facility has opened in Edmonton Canada. The facility converts household garbage into biofuels. By 2016, it is expected that 90 per cent of the citys waste will be diverted out of the landfill because of this facility.
Dont ask for privacy, Take it back: Anti-NSA #ResetTheNet campaign kicks off
Gunman on the loose in Moncton: Unconfirmed reports RCMP officers shot
After 16 hours, gunman who killed three Canadian cops still on the loose, city in lockdown
Pope Francis sacks entire Italian board of the Vaticans financial watchdog
Irish church under fire after research uncovers 796 young children buried in an old septic tank
A major criminal trial involving two men charged with serious terrorism offences could be held entirely in secret for the first time in modern British legal history
Snowden publicly supports Reset the Net campaign: This is the beginning of a moment where we the people begin to protect our universal human rights with the laws of nature rather than the laws of nations
India state minister on rape: Sometimes its right, sometimes its wrong
German NSA-Proof Server Protonet Smashes Crowdfunding Record by Raising $1m in 89 Minutes
Russian to become mandatory in Syrian schools
Witnesses: Boko Haram militants slaughter hundreds
The Guardian launches SecureDrop system for whistleblowers to share files | SecureDrop platform allows sources to submit documents and data while avoiding most common forms of online tracking.
Canada bans government meteorologists from talking about climate change
Thousands gather in Hong Kong to remember Tiananmen killings. Crowds pack Hong Kongs Victoria Park to demand the truth about the Tiananmen crackdown 25 years ago and to call for an end to an assault on Communist Party critics that many view as the worst since 1989
Finns invent promising method for CO2 reduction. Researchers at the Mikkeli University of Applied Sciences have developed a water-based technique for removing carbon dioxide from industrial emissions.
68 U.S. companies procure minerals from North Korea despite Economic Sanctions
Extinct bat found in Papua New Guinea after 124 years.
Putin on Clinton: Its better not to argue with women. He later characterized Clintons comments as a sign of weakness, which is maybe not the worst quality for a woman, he added.
Air attack on pro-Russian separatists in Luhansk kills 8, stuns residents
Rebels seize three govt bases in Ukraine
Japans SoftBank Corp said on Thursday it will start selling human-like robots for personal use by February, expanding into a sector seen key to addressing labour shortages in one of the worlds fastest ageing societies.
US Deploying B-52s to Europe
Nearly $190 million in assets linked to ousted Ukrainian leader Viktor Yanukovych and his inner circle have been frozen in Switzerland
Angered by Palestinian unity govt, Israel to build more settler homes
Quebec passes dying with dignity bill, allows terminally ill patients be given the choice to end their lives.
Europe to force Google, Facebook to abide by EU privacy rules
Gunman who killed three RCMP officers and wounded two others in Moncton has been captured by police
Irish government now seemingly caught in the act of tapping thousands of phones
Vodafone admits governments use secret cables to tap citizens phones
Internet users cannot be sued for browsing the web, ECJ rules
(Reuters)  An 18-year-old Pakistani has survived being shot and thrown in a canal by her family for marrying the man she loved, police said, weeks after the honor killing of another woman drew worldwide condemnation
Thai military leader: I want to tell any offenders on social media that police will come get you for criticizing them.
German intelligence agency confesses to spy stations
Brazil transit strike hits a week before World Cup
Bill C-24 promises to shred the passports of Canadians who the Minister of Immigration deems terroristsand deport them to countries they may have never seen before.
Vodafone reveals existence of secret wires that allow state surveillance
CIA drone strikes: embarrassment for US as Pakistan court orders murder investigation - Telegraph
Twelve injured in sword fight between rival Sikhs rowing over who should speak first
Russian President Vladimir Putin meets Ukrainian President-elect Petro Poroshenko for first time since election
Israel navy fires on Gaza fishing boats
The Canadian government is expanding its surveillance of public activities to include all known demonstrations across the country
Fishermens clip proves Chinas Lied
North Korea has announced that a third American has been arrested and is in state custody.
Anti-American Sentiment On The Rise In Russia. Forty percent of respondents said their opinion about the United States was generally negative, while 31 percent said it was very negative.
Ukraine says 15 rebels killed in border clash. Government aide says armed men came from Russia in trucks and an infantry vehicle and tried to cross eastern boundary.
Alibaba billionaire Jack Ma purchases half of Chinas best soccer club
German spy agency comes clean on secret sites
Hundreds of Scientists to Canada Prime Minister Stephen Harper: Pipeline report deeply flawed - Blasts federal review recommending approval of Northern Gateway tar sands pipeline as biased. Hell decide whether to approve $7b pipeline from Alberta to British Columbia this month.
Big blast hits Kosovo power station near Pristina: A loud explosion has been reported at a coal-fired power station outside Kosovos capital Pristina, causing a number of casualties.
Kim Dotcom offers $5m bounty in online piracy case - Megaupload founder in bid to prove US authorities aided by New Zealand illegally targeted him at behest of Hollywood studios
Lego asks UK government to stop using their products in anti-Scottish-independence videos.
F-35s single engine too dangerous for Canadian military, report says
Religious orders allowed over 2,000 Irish children to be used in medical experiments
Russia warns Finland against joining NATO. If Finland wants to join NATO, they should think first. Will you join and start World War III? warns Russian President Vladimir Putins personal envoy Sergei Markov.
France must give refuge to Edward Snowden | A petition calling for France to grant asylum to American NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden has garnered over 33,000 signatures in less than 12 hours.
Gunmen attack Karachi international airport, injuring security guards and hurling grenades
Inspectors find fear and intimidation at UK schools linked to Muslim extremism Some of our findings are deeply worrying, and in some ways quite shocking. In the most serious cases, a culture of fear and intimidation has taken grip. said Michael Wilshaw, head of the Ofsted schools inspectorate.
An outbreak of Ebola virus disease is happening in West Africa with 395 cases, 215 deaths and a case fatality of 54% as today
Israel has prevented a senior Palestinian soccer delegate from traveling to this months World Cup in Brazil, his federation said on Sunday.
Brazil Has Done More To Stop Climate Change Than Any Other Country, Study Finds
Russia would react to NATO beefing up forces near borders: Russia would consider any further expansion of NATO forces near its borders a demonstration of hostile intentions and would take political and military measures to ensure its own security, Interfax quoted a senior diplomat as saying.
Britain calls up Dads Army of spies to watch Russia - Military intelligence chiefs have been re-recruiting Cold War veterans and retired linguists because of a lack of Russian skills to deal with the Ukraine crisis
Delhi court awards life imprisonment to 17 policemen for killing a 22 year old student in a staged shootout
U.S. Sends Stealth Bombers To Europe
Gates Foundation Sells Stake in Worlds Biggest Security-services and Prison Operator, UK-based G4S
Death of Palestinians in protest may be Israeli war crime, rights group says
Chinas anti-graft campaign is now targeting officials who have sent their spouses &amp; children abroad, where they can create channels to potentially funnel illicit gains &amp; establish footholds for eventual escape from the mainland
UK Prime Minister Cameron to order school inspections over worries about infiltration by Muslim extremists.
Egypt: Mob torches Christian shops ahead of trial
sraeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus strongest coalition partner threatened to bring down the government if it tries to annex West Bank settlements following the breakdown of Mideast peace talks
Japan to press for resumption of annual whale hunt
Two men have been given life sentences by a Moscow court for the 2006 murder of journalist Anna Politkovskaya, Russian news agencies report.
Latin Americans forge ahead with CO2 reduction plans. Over the past year, Guatemala, Honduras, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Colombia, Chile, Bolivia and Peru have all either passed or announced an intent to legislate major new policies to cut greenhouse gas emissions
China ships rammed 1,400 times by Vietnamese vessels as tensions continue to rise between the two countries.
Baby rhino Gertjie refuses to sleep alone after witnessing his mothers death at the hands of poachers - The baby rhino was found crying inconsolably next to his dead mother in South Africa
Mexico City joins others in banning animals in circuses
Boris Johnson calls for removal of anti-homeless spikes: London mayor says ugly, self-defeating and stupid spikes outside luxury flats are not the answer to rough sleeping
New Inca Road Discovered Leading Right to Machu Picchu - Road includes a nearly 5 meter long tunnel, still intact 500 yrs after its construction
The NYT reports a Chinese military unit has been stealing design schematics from aerospace and satellite companies and government agencies.
Canada shuts down investor immigration path declaring that there is little evidence that immigrant investors as a class are maintaining ties to Canada or making a positive economic contribution to the country; Rich Chinese sue
Australian PM Tony Abbott seeks alliance to thwart President Obama on climate change policy
Russia, China have their sights on undercutting dollars dominance as reserve currency
Ireland: Nun admits care home children were involved in medical trials - In one of the trials, 80 children became ill after they were accidentally administered a vaccine intended for cattle
Eight employees at Canadas largest dairy farm are being accused of viciously beating cows after undercover video was given to the British Columbia SPCA.
G20 not a place to discuss climate change, says BHP chief [BHP is an Anglo-Australian multinational mining, metals and petroleum company]
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott and his Canadian counterpart Stephen Harper have condemned carbon taxes during their first bilateral talks in Ottawa.
Moderate Muslim preacher shot dead in Kenya
Iraq militants seize Mosul provincial government HQ
Archaeologists discover 4,000-year-old tomb from 11th Engyptian dynasty in Luxor
Venezuelan Prostitutes Earn More Selling Dollars Than Sex
Worlds oldest man dies at 111
UK govt accuses Muslim group of trying to impose Islam in schools -
Vietnam banking tycoon given 30-year jail term
ISIS Militants seize control of Mosul, the Second Largest City in Iraq
Chrome OS leaks data to Google before switching on a VPN, says CESG (the part of GCHQ that helps British citizens protect stuff from foreign spies) | It also identifies significant risks in the operating systems.
Netanyahu Is Facing Heat From All Sides For His Handling Of Palestine Peace Talks
U.S. arms could create Syria warlords, rebel commander says
A man and a woman arrested for protesting against the coup will undergo a process to have their attitude adjusted, said deputy national police chief General Somyos Phumpanmuang
Revealed: Asian slave labour producing prawns for supermarkets in US, UK
WildLeaks attracts major wildlife crime leads in first three months | A new WikiLeaks-style website targeting the kingpins of wildlife crime has attracted serious leads on elephant, tiger, fishery and forest destruction across the globe.
Jamaica to decriminalize personal marijuana possession
Tear gas, rubber bullets and stun grenades on the streets of Sao Paulo as World Cup begins
China battles to be first ecological civilisation: Premier Li Keqiang has declared a war on pollution. His leadership has drawn up a philosophical framework called ecological civilisation. It aims to bring everything back to the relationship between man and nature
Ayatollah Sistani issues call to arms; the highest ranking Shia cleric in Iraq asks all Muslims to fight back against ISIS insurgents.
Baghdad is going to be overrun. The Green Zone is going down. - U.S. intelligence official
The rules in ISIS new state: Amputations for stealing and women to stay indoors.
Russia on Iraq: We told you so
China arrested more people last year for environmental offences than in the previous 10 combined as Beijing strives to produce results after a much-vaunted pollution crackdown
Iran Deploys Quds Forces To Support Iraqi Troops, Helps Retake Most Of Tikrit
Tesla puts electric car patents into public domain
Iran official: Tehran willing to work with US over Iraq crisis
Pope Francis says global economy discards young
Jehovahs Witness elders were spiritually corrupt and morally bankrupt, court told in child abuse cover up case
Supreme court of Canada rules ISPs cannot give police subscriber information without a warrant
Iraqi militants capture US made tanks, humvees, arms from abandoned military base
Ontario has just elected the first LGBTQ premier in Canadian history
Obama: Considering All Options after Iraq Government Asks US for Air Strikes against ISIS
Supreme Court rules Canadians have the Right to Online Anonymity
Greece sues for 7 billion euros over German submarines that have never sailed
UK rules out taking military action in Iraq
Oil prices spike on escalating Iraq violence
Solar Storm Heading Toward Earth Today
Iran is open to shared role with U.S. - senior Iranian official
Ukraine Claims Full Control of Port City - Ukrainian government forces said Friday that they had won full control of the port city of Mariupol in eastern Ukraine, in a fight that left five pro-Russian militants dead and ended with a Ukrainian flag being hoisted at City Hall.
Michael Schumacher out of Coma
Australias government is trying to delist 74,000 acres of world heritage protected rainforest to make way for loggers
British public wrongly believe rich pay most in tax, new research shows - Study shows poorest 10% pay eight percentage points more income, prompting calls for more progressive system
Japanese fans clean stadium after losing 2-1 against Ivory Coast: Japanese fans who watched their national team be defeated by the Ivory Coast in the Fifa World Cup on Saturday showed it is possible to lose graciously, when they stayed behind after the match to help clean up.
Australias richest 1% own as much as bottom 60%, says Oxfam | Income inequality has risen since mid-1990s and nine richest people now have greater net worth than poorest 4.54 million
IKEA waits 8 years, then shuts down IKEAhackers site with trademark claim | IKEA lawyers pushed site to go non-commercial or give up its domain name.
Russia cuts off natural gas supplies to Ukraine
Thousands of Iraqi men take up arms and volunteer to protect Baghdad at all costs, as ISIS troops closes in on the capital.
Green party peer put on database of extremists after police surveillance in the UK - Political movements of Jenny Jones and Green party councillor Ian Driver were recorded for up to 11 years, though neither have a criminal record
Boris tells Blair: Put a sock in it over Iraq | Mayor of London Boris Johnson claims the former Prime Minister has finally gone mad after making an unhinged attempt to rewrite history.
NATO has released satellite imagery supporting reports that the tanks crossing into Ukraine are Russian T-64s; it is believed that the T-64s were in storage in Russia and were then sent with pro-Russian forces. Russia is denying this.
In a leaked video, the nominee to be South Koreas next prime minister says that Japans occupation of Korea was Gods will and that it shouldnt apologize for comfort women.
Syrian army foils chemical attack on Damascus
Hackers threaten to release details of 600,000 Dominos Pizza customers - including favourite toppings - unless they get 30,000.
The slaughter of Kenyas biggest elephant and the decimation of an entire species
Brazilian Police Officer Reportedly Fires Live Bullets At World Cup Protesters
Australian PM Tony Abbott seeks World Heritage reversal to open Tasmanian forests to logging
NATO says Russia considers it an opponent, prepares Ukraine aid
Taliban target voters in Afghanistan, kill 50, mutilate 11
New research shows Western Amazon under threat from oil pollution
Foreign Legion in Iraq and Syria may bring jihad to West. I dont think the public realizes the seriousness of the problem.  -Richard Walton, head of Scotland Yards counter-terrorism command
Global nuclear arsenal estimated at 16,300 warheads, says think tank. Pace of nuclear bombs reduction seems to be slowing, says Stockholm International Peace Research Institute; Israels stock reportedly remained at 80.
How an arrest in Iraq revealed Isiss $2bn jihadist network
Chinese govt reveals Microsofts secret list of Android-killer patents
ISIS enters Turkmen city Tal Afar in northern Iraq
Tiny island nation that controls vast area of Pacific Ocean bans all commercial fishing in one of worlds largest marine parks - If you think of the ocean as a bank account in which everybody withdraws but nobody makes a deposit, then protected marine reserves are like savings with interest.
Britains top counter-terrorism official has been forced to reveal a secret government policy justifying the mass surveillance of every Facebook, Twitter, Youtube and Google user in the UK.
New Zealand government to open up habitat of worlds rarest dolphin for oil exploration.
Pope tells super rich, bankers to find some ethics
Iraq says Saudi Arabia siding with terrorism
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un sends birthday greetings to Queen wishing British people well-being and prosperity
Gunmen kill at least 50 in Kenya during World Cup TV screening
The West Australian government has decided to allow Buru Energy to frack for gas in the Kimberley region without an Environmental Protection Authority (EPA) assessment.
UK law banning forced marriage takes effect
Top universities are paying too much for scores of academic journals provided by major publishing companies, an investigation has found.
Gas transit pipeline explodes in East Ukraine
IMF urges U.S. to raise minimum wage
Marijuana Breathalyzer Invented
Russia using words to destroy meaning - Group of authors including two Nobel laureates condemns Russian Federations waves of propaganda against free expression
UK to reopen embassy in Tehran
Mass surveillance of social media is permitted by law, says top UK official
Russias Former Top Anti-Corruption Cop Commits Suicide During Questioning
Greenpeace suffers $5.2-million loss after rogue employee botches major currency investment
ISIS fighters in Syria and Iraq keep tweeting pictures of cats and pizza and its surreal
Sudans airforce bombs Mdecins Sans Frontires (MSF) hospital in South Kordofan, Sudan
Nigerian army arrests 486 alleged Boko Haram members
Turkey bans reporting on consular staff kidnapped in Mosul
Two Russian state TV journalists have been killed in a mortar attack near a village outside the east Ukrainian city of Luhansk.
Qatari: U.S. intervention in Iraq would be seen as war on Sunni Arabs
Kerry: US open to working with Iran against extremists in Iraq
Secular triumph as British government bans creationism from free schools and academies
Baghdad has formally called on the United States to launch air strikes against jihadist militants
Japan makes possession of child pornography a punishable offense
ISIS begins assault on Baghdad: Gunmen attack North of Iraqi Capital
NHS worlds best healthcare system; healthcare provision in US the worst.
Saudis give apparent warning to Iran: dont meddle in Iraq
World Cup Produces Arrest of Mexican Drug Lord Going to Game
Kim Jong-uns latest propaganda video reveals Russian cruise missile, potentially in violation of sanctions
20,000 Elephants Were Poached in Africa in 2013
New NSA Revelations: Inside Snowdens Germany File. An analysis of secret documents leaked by Edward Snowden demonstrates that the NSA is more active in Germany than anywhere else in Europe -- and that data collected here may have helped kill suspected terrorists.
Hundreds of teenage boys suffered brutal physical and sexual abuse at an Australian naval base
Scientists Baffled After Discovering Mysterious Man Hidden Beneath Picasso Masterpiece
World peace declining after long post-WWII improvement: Study. World peace has deteriorated steadily over the last seven years, with wars, militant attacks and crime reversing six earlier decades of gradual improvement, a global security report said on Wednesday.
Australia buys up, enters Asian arms race: Australia is now the seventh-largest importer of major arms in the world and the biggest customer of the largest weapons producer, the US
Largest Active Volcano on Earth Rumbles Back to Life - The worlds biggest active volcano, Hawaiis towering Mauna Loa, may be rumbling back to life, according to the Hawaii Volcano Observatory.
US may blacklist Thailand after prawn (shrimp) trade slavery revelations
Several people feared dead after explosion hits World Cup viewing center in northeast Nigeria
YouTube to block Indie music as a music subscription service is launched
German security firm finds spyware on Chinese-made smartphone
Despite Protests, Canada Approves Northern Gateway Oil Pipeline - Itll run from the Alberta oil sands to British Columbia coast. Opponents in British Columbia, who span the political spectrum, threaten to block it altogether, fearing itll make the province vulnerable to an oil spill.
Earth has its Warmest May on Record Globally, Spring could be Warmest
Youtube to start blocking indie artists &amp;labels that dont sign up for their new paid service
A boat carrying 97 people from Indonesia sank off the western coast of Malaysia and 61 of the passengers are still missing, the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency said
China is building artificial islands in the South China Sea that it claims as its own. China can use the islands to claim the 200 miles around them as its Exclusive Economic Zone; the islands may also be used for Chinese military activities, alarming Vietnam, the Philippines, and other countries.
Iraq crisis: Isis seizes Baiji oil refinery  live updates
Fiji accuses global community of abandoning the Pacific on climate change, singles out selfish Australia - accused the global community of abandoning Pacific island nations to sink below the waves instead of tackling climate change.
China has handed down lengthy jail terms to three anti-corruption activists who had called for officials to disclose their personal wealth
Australian High Court finds $245.3m federal funding of chaplaincy program unconstitutional.
Petraeus: U.S. Must Not Become the Shia Militias Air Force
WikiLeaks publishes secret Trade in Services Agreement (TISA) - Financial Services, covering 50 countries
Australia has dropped a plan to place its first nuclear waste dump on Aborigine land, after a long-running legal case ended
Canadas Indigenous: We are the wall that the pipeline cannot pass - Aboriginal groups plan lawsuits &amp; direct actions to stop Northern Gateway pipeline. First Nation says approval violates constitutional rights since govt didnt consult them when their lands &amp; resources are impacted.
Injured man trapped in German cave rescued after 12 days
Mountain to be Blasted Today for Telescope - The top of a mountain in Chile will be blown up make way for the worlds largest optical &amp; infrared telescope. Once the mountain is leveled, construction of the E-ELT will begin. Its expected to take less than 10 yrs.
Poverty hits twice as many British households as 30 years ago | The UK economy has doubled in size since the early 1980s  yet the number of those suffering below-minimum living standards has grown by more than twice, a study claims.
Polish authorities search premises of weekly that revealed tape scandal
Iraq crisis: Britain and US must not meddle in Iraq, warns Saudi Arabia
Indian Officals Order Coca-Cola Plant to Close for Using too Much Water - Mehdiganj plant at centre of protests accused of extracting too much groundwater &amp; releasing pollutants above limits. India is one of Cokes fastest-growing markets thanks to an expanding middle class.
Doctors Without Borders Clinic In Tikrit Shelled By ISIS Militants
Google will be forced to make a company disappear: Inspired by the right to be forgotten, a Canadian court has ordered Google to delete links to a company
How Corrupt Is the U.S.? Just Watch House of Cards, China Party Arm Says
Kenya al-Shabaab attack was led by white man speaking fluent British English
Japan failed to include 640 kg of unused plutonium in its annual reports to the International Atomic Energy Agency in 2012 and 2013, in what experts are terming an inappropriate omission.
U.K. Approves Plans For What Could Become The Worlds Largest Offshore Wind Farm
Increasing numbers of French Jews are leaving for Israel, citing dim economic prospects and a sense of being caught between an increasingly influential far right and militant Islam. More than 5,000 are on track to leave this year, the most since after the Six-Day War in 1967
Fukushima ice wall looking more like a dirt Slurpee - Failure of a small-scale version to freeze is latest setback in addressing ongoing crisis
Senior MP calls for Tony Blair to be impeached over Iraq
Luxembourg approves same-sex marriage bill.
Felipe VI has been proclaimed King of Spain
US rules out military action until PM Nouri al-Maliki stands down
Indian Govt. planning to make 50 essential medicines free of cost for every citizen from birth to death.
Doctors without Borders say that the Ebola outbreak ravaging West Africa is totally out of control and the outbreak is far from over and will probably end up as the most deadly on record.
WikiLeaks publishes secret draft of world trade agreement: Deal among 50 countries would help prevent added regulation of financial services, website says
Pope condemns efforts to legalize marijuana | Al Jazeera America
U.S. cuts aid to Uganda, cancels military exercise over anti-gay law
Secret deal: bank free-for-all - Leaked WikiLeaks documents reveal the Abbott government is pressing ahead with secret trade negotiations aimed at bringing about radical deregulation of Australias banking and finance sector.
Classified files leaked to Danish media suggest some EU states are allowing US spies to install surveillance equipment on cables in order to intercept the emails, private phone calls, and Internet chats of their citizens.
Untreatable virus spreading in the Caribbean now afflicts 4,600
Israeli Troops Kill Palestinian Teenager Protesting West Bank Arrests
Brazilian-based architect cites estimates indicating that some 250,000 people have been evicted from their homes to make way for the World Cup
Tufted Puffin spotted for the first time since 1830s
Hong Kong democracy movement hit by one of largest DDoS attacks in internet history
Solar energy production breaks record in Germany. More than 50 percent of countrys electricity demand supplied by solar power at start of June.
Japan PM Abe wants to stage 2020 Robot Olympics
Norway likely set to implement a national ban on begging
South Korea calls on US military to keep servicemembers in line
Isis storms Saddam-era chemical weapons complex in Iraq
Abbott in secret trade negotiations to deregulate banking and finance | Foreign banks and workers would get greater access and local bank accounts could be transferred overseas, reports say
The US and EU are driving the TISA process. It was their lax rules that allowed the Global Financial Crisis to happen. Now they are using TISA to extend those rules even further, at the bidding of their finance industry
Uganda students smuggle pigs into parliament to protest government corruption.
Chilean mountaintop blasted off to make way for worlds largest telescope, which will search for alien life
Saudi Arabia slams ISIS as destructive terror group
Obama sending 300 Military Advisors (i.e. Special Forces) to Iraq; We will be prepared to take targeted and precise military action if we conclude the situation on the ground requires it.
Iceland Tops Global Peace Index 2014
Beijing Now Has Almost as Many People as Australia
Pesticides linked to bee deaths must be banned, scientists say
North Korea threatens war over Seth Rogen movie.
Shopper shocked to find bargain 10 dress has plea for help from Bangledeshi sweatshop employee written on the tag
Young Beirut security guard sacrifices his life to prevent a massacre at packed World Cup viewing cafe
UK Government minister: There is no programme of mass surveillance and there is no surveillance state
The Sydney Opera House has cancelled a controversial talk by Muslim writer and activist Uthman Badar titled Honour killings are morally justified after widespread condemnation of its inclusion in the Festival of Dangerous Ideas.
Chinese warships will join US-led naval drills off Hawaii for the first time this week, in a significant but mainly symbolic effort by the two powers fighting forces to make friends, not war
66% of Russians want Putin to be president after 2018. People feel far more confident about their future, calm and security, they hope that Russia will restore its status of great power
Snowden defends mega spy blab: Public affairs have to be known by the public | Calls on Council of Europe to protect whistleblowers
India denies US company extension of patent on anti-cancer drug. Earlier, the Patent Office had denied the patent in 2009 on the grounds of obviousness and lack of inventive step.
Researchers Find and Decode the Spy Tools Governments Use to Hijack Phones
Denmarks ties with the NSA are deeper than previously thought
Unknown planes bomb ISIS positions in N. Iraq, Pentagon denies its US
UN says environmental crime is worth between $70-$213 billion a year and largely finances criminal, militia, and terrorist groups
North Korea Faces Worst Drought In Over A Decade
France, supported by Sweden and Denmark, urges the European Union to take action now on Endocrine Disruptors (EDCs)
Finnish study: Having a dog at home may prevent diabetes - A new Finnish study of more than 3,000 children finds a significant link between having a pet dog and a lower risk of developing type 1 diabetes. Only dogs were found to have the preventative effect.
New Report: Syria Joins Iran in Sending Military to Fight ISIS in Iraq
France warns citizens: Dont invest in Israeli settlements, Golan Heights
Leader of Tijuana drug cartel captured in northern Mexico
Payday lender Wonga used fake law firms to chase customers in arrears; ordered to pay 2.6m in compensation.
Scotland Yard want to interview Rupert Murdoch about phone hacking
Australian immigration minister instructs detained asylum seekers to leave and return home in official state footage
Seeking to mobilize a global front against anti-gay violence and discrimination, Vice President Joe Biden declared Tuesday [24 June 2014] that protecting gay rights is a defining mark of a civilized nation and must trump national cultures and social traditions.
Norway to bring in begging ban
German government cancels Verizon contract in wake of U.S. spying row
Australian woman found dead wearing headphones and holding her laptop, with burns on her ears and chest, in an apparent electrocution caused by sub-standard cheap USB charger.
Mexican military chopper crosses the border, shoots at US Border agents
Put Ultraviolet Dye In London Water Cannons To Track Protesters, Police Bosses Urge
Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova have signed partnership agreements with the European Union, in a move strongly opposed by Russia.
Russell Brand: Fanatical, terrorist, propagandist Fox News is more dangerous than ISIS
Costa Rican President Luis Guillermo Solis, a month into his first tem in office, doesnt want his name on plaques at public works or his portrait hung in public offices: The works are from the country and not from a government or a particular official, Solis told reporters
Obama Seeks $500M to Train, Equip Syrian Rebels
Britain bans controversial Saudi cleric al-Arifi: The UK Government makes no apologies for refusing people access to the UK if we believe they represent a threat to our society. Coming here is a privilege that we refuse to extend to those who seek to subvert our shared values,
UN: Icelanders smoke the most pot | According to the UNs annual World Drug Report Icelanders smoke the most pot, per capita
Iraq buys Russian jets to destroy the terrorists dens after long delays waiting for U.S. F-16s
Australian utilities move to kick rooftop solar off the grid
Nigerian man is locked up after saying he is an atheist | Campaigners call for release of 29-year-old Mubarak Bala, who lives in Kano in Nigerias predominantly Muslim north
This is now the deadliest ebola outbreak on record  and its getting worse (from /r/globalhealth)
FBI seizes 80,000 emails from Murdochs News Corp
A Sudanese Christian woman who was sentenced to death for refusing to renounce her faith and then released, is currently staying at the U.S. Embassy in Khartoum with her husband and two children
Iranian students prevented from studying science, technology, engineering and maths in UK because of US sanctions
It took awhile, but Mubarak Bala, the 29 year-old engineer hospitalized against his will in Nigeria for being an atheist, is beginning to receive some attention by the news media
UN: 110,000 fled Ukraine for Russia this year
U.N. Experts: Detroits Mass Water Shut-Off Violates Human Rights
Israel Could Get Dragged into ISISs War, Obama Admin Warns
Pablo Escobars hippos: A growing problem
WHO reduces Ebola death toll by changing the way it reports fatalities at the request of the government
Indian Intelligence Bureau redflags entry of Saudi Wahhabi preachers into India
The fight against Boko Haram sees an unusual faction join the fray: snakes and bees are flushing the rebels out of their forest base of operations with their incessant bites and stings, which often leave their targets fatally injured.
Ukraine president ends ceasefire - We will attack
ISIS Vows To Destroy Meccas Kaaba, Kill Those Who Worship Stones
Guaranteed $20K income for all Canadians endorsed by academics...
Japan authorized a reinterpretation of war-renouncing Article 9 of the Constitution, allowing Japan for the first time since World War II to come to the aid of an ally under attack.
Bodies of Three Missing Israeli Teens Found Near Hebron, Source Says
Remaining Snowden docs will be released to avert unspecified US war  Cryptome
MIT and CERNs secure webmail plan, Proton Mail, stumped by PayPal freeze without warning. Money-shuffler shutters cash flow after asking if crypto is legal
The United Nations has voted to legislate against human rights abuses carried out by transnational corporations, but the resolution, proposed by Ecuador and South Africa, was opposed by the US and the member states of the EU
The European Court of Human Rights has upheld a ban by France on wearing the Muslim full-face veil - the niqab
Supreme Court lets victims 9/11 suit vs. Saudi Arabia proceed
Indian Prime Minister proposes that India launch a satellite for the benefit of neighboring South Asian countries as a gift from India
EU slashes mobile data roaming fees by 55 percent: The European Union says the surcharges for surfing the Internet on mobile devices while traveling across the 28-nation bloc will be more than halved
Liberia To Prosecute People Hiding Ebola Patients
Russian Tsars WWI-era Shark submarine discovered beneath the Baltic Sea
Chilean Court Rules U.S. Had Role in Murders [in 1973]
Iraq Kurdistan independence referendum planned
MH370: New evidence of tampering with cockpit systems revealed. Probe shows mysterious power outage during the early stages of its flight
Tens of thousands of Hong Kong residents marched Tuesday through the streets of the former British colony to push for greater democracy in a rally fueled by anger over Beijings recent warning that it holds the ultimate authority over the southern Chinese financial center.
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy is being held for questioning over suspected influence-peddling
Massive dams in Borneo to flood over 2,000 square kilometers of rainforest, displace 10,000s of indigenous people - all to generate electricity that no one wants.
Unknown persons erect KKK flag in east Belfast, residents unite to have it removed.
Snowden applies to extend asylum in Russia, report says
Barrier Reef Dredge Spoil Could Travel Further than Previously Thought, Affecting Coral - Bid to create 1 of worlds biggest coal terminals criticised by Unescos world heritage committee. 3 million cubic metres of spoil to be dumped 20km from reef as part of the expansion of Abbot Point port.
Ex-French President Sarkozy Detained
Kuwait finance firm suggests trading oil in bitcoins
Facebook Is Under Investigation For Mood Manipulation Study
African leaders vote to give themselves immunity from war crimes
British PM David Cameron calls for global response to Antibiotic-resistant superbugs, which threaten to plunge the world back to the dark ages of medicine.
Three killed in Ankara after police officer shoots woman who filed complaint against him
Bikinis to blame for sex crimes on Goas beaches, says minister
An entire island nation is preparing to evacuate to Fiji before they sink into the Pacific
TOR nodes (and other services) now illegal in Austria
Russia launches swearing ban; books, films, plays risk fines
Chilean court links US intelligence to 1973 killings of two Americans
Study: Muslims hate terrorism, too. it underscores the growing fear and anger felt by many in Muslim-majority countries when facing a range of militant threats, from that of Boko Haram in Nigeria to ISIS to the Taliban insurgency in Pakistan.
Netanyahu orders swift probe after Palestinian teen found murdered, 50 Israelis arrested over Jerusalem riots.
Rome will be conquered next, says leader of Islamic State
Caribbean coral reefs will be lost within 20 years
Newly Revealed Snowden Docs Expose Near Global Reach of NSA
42 Percent of Muslims Polled by Pew Research Think Suicide Bombing and Other Violence Against Civilians Are at Least Occasionally Justified
Metropolitan Police deleted evidence of sex and race discrimination
French ex-leader Nicolas Sarkozy charged with corruption for influencing judicial proceedings
ISPs take GCHQ to court in UK over mass surveillance
Ebola death toll rises to 467 out of 759 cases - WHO
Police in Hong Kong have arrested 196 protesters who staged a pro-democracy sit-in at the citys business district.
Egypts richest man sentenced to 3 years in jail on tax evasion: ETA
All Iranian Su-25 Frogfoot attack planes have just deployed to Iraq
French Ban on Face Veils Upheld by European Rights Court
I am convinced that we should develop a European armed drone. Germanys defense minister says she wants to hire combat drones and then start building them.
Over Half a Million Rally in Hong Kong Against Chinese Rule
In 2012, New Zealand police seized computer drives belonging to Kim Dotcom, copies of which were unlawfully given to the FBI. A judge has now ruled that even if the Megaupload founder supplies the passwords, they cannot subsequently be forwarded to the FBI.
Anyone who is determined to be using Tor is targeted for long-term surveillance and retention by NSA
Pope Francis approves the revival of exorcism as a canon Catholic practice
Algerias World Cup team to donate salary to people of Gaza
Google have been forced by the EU to delist a BBC journalists article from 2007 on banking fraud without stating a reason.
ISIS Kidnaps More Than 130 Syrian Schoolchildren; International Leaders Yet To Respond
No land for whites in Zimbabwe, says Mugabe
Pentagon Officials: US Troops Will Pilot Apache Attack Helicopters In Iraq
China bans Ramadan: Fasting and taking part in religious activities forbidden in controversial crackdown on minority Uighur Muslims
Huge Crowds Turn Out for Pro-Democracy March in Hong Kong, Defying Beijing
Germany to adopt minimum wage to help working poor
Facebook psychological studies linked to Department of Defense
This Secret US-EU Deal Will Make NHS Privatisation Irreversible: Unite Union Leader warns on TTIP
More than 510k protest in Central Hong Kong to protect its sacred democracy and freedom
NASA: Satellite which will end man-made CO2 debate in orbit at last
The Home Office is facing calls to explain why a 1980s dossier about alleged paedophiles at Westminster was lost or destroyed by officials.|BBC|UK
Saudi Arabia deploys 30,000 soldiers to border with Iraq - al-Arabiya TV
Russian social media users are campaigning against the US singer Demi Lovato after her concert at New Yorks gay pride event on Sunday featured a controversial use of an image of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In a rare scene of disorder, Hong Kong police forcibly arrest 511 protesters calling for democracy
EU Court of Justice save the internet by holding that internet browsing does not require a license
Ukraine conflict: At Least Nine Civilians killed as truce collapses
Rampant torture, arbitrary arrests and detentions signal catastrophic decline in human rights one year after ousting of Morsi
At least 17 rockets hit Israel on Wednesday. - 2/7/2014
A scientist who carried out research on making influenza viruses more infectious has deliberately created a potentially lethal strain of flu that can evade the human immune system.
Chapel dedicated to pharaoh Mentuhotep II found in Sohag (Abydos) thanks to bust of illegal excavation
Germany destroy Brazil 7-1 as Miroslav Klose becomes the record scorer by netting his 16th finals goal in World Cup History.
Approximately 23 buses have been set ablaze in Sao Paolo, Brazil following the World Cup defeat to Germany.
British woman, 65, threw spear at officials as she was arrested for allegedly running Philippines House of Horrors where children as young as six months suffered abuse
There is a second Snowden - says Greenwald
Latest Snowden Leaks: FBI Targeted Muslim-American Lawyers
Another German Spy working for US
Israeli rockets strike at more than 400 Gaza sites
Bill Gates funds birth control microchip
A Ukrainian military officer was captured by pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine and is currently being held at a detention facility in the Russian city of Voronezh
Kidnapped Israeli teens were shot 10 times with silenced gun, according to U.S. official
Files on UK role in CIA rendition accidentally destroyed, says minister | Rights groups say FCO claim records of flights in and out of Diego Garcia missing due to water damage smacks of cover-up
Central Israel under threat as Iron Dome intercepts rockets over Tel Aviv
Canadian Mark Emery due to released from federal prison after serving 5 years for selling Marijuana seeds
Live updates on the Israeli air raids on Gaza - 32 Palestinians killed in operation protective edge including children
Because of Australian PM Tony Abbotts Stop the Boat policy, 12 mothers seeking asylum in Australia attempt suicide to give kids chance
China says it will punish journalists just for talking about state secrets
Second suspected spy in Germany
UN issued with roadmap on how to avoid climate catastrophe | Report is the first of its kind to prescribe concrete actions that the biggest 15 economies must take to keep warming below 2C
Cocaine use in Scotland highest in world ahead of the US and Spain
Female Iranian journalist sentenced to two years and 50 lashes
Israeli peace conference cut short when rocket attack forces attendees to evacuate
Uncontacted tribe in Brazil ends its isolation
Edward Snowden has applied for extended asylum in Russia, his lawyer says
Chinas incredible high-speed rail system: Beijing has spent hundreds of billions of dollars to build the worlds largest high-speed rail system -- a feat accomplished in less than a decade.
Iraq forces find 53 corpses south of Baghdad
Putin writes off 90 percent of Cubas debts to USSR | 90 percent of the debt of the Republic of Cuba to the Soviet Union will be written off.
Amazon snubs French free delivery ban with one-cent charge
HIV Returns In Baby Thought To Be Cured
Helsinkis Ambitious Plan to Make Car Ownership Pointless in 10 Yrs - Finlands capital hopes a mobility on demand system that integrates all forms of shared and public transport in a single payment network could essentially render private cars obsolete
Judge in Australia says incest may no longer be a taboo and the only reason it is criminal is potential birth abnormalities, which can be solved by abortion
How a Mexican Cartel Demolished a Town, Incinerated Hundreds of Victims, and Got Away With It
China makes new electric cars tax-free | Buyers of fully electric, hybrid and fuel cell cars will not have to pay purchase tax from September to the end of 2017
Abbas slams Hamas over rocket attacks on Israel: What are you trying to achieve?
Thirty Ukrainian troops possibly killed in rebel grad missile attack
100 killed in Gaza as pressure builds on Israel to end military offensive
Scientists say they have developed the worlds first vaccine against dengue fever seen to work in large-scale trials.
Report: Israel warns 100,000 Gaza residents to leave
UK Fast Tracks Emergency Surveillance Law
London student accused of trying to smuggle 20,000 cash to Syrian jihadists in her underwear
Chinas Communist Party Admits It Has a Big Corruption Problem - Its the result of a lack of checks and balances in Chinas government. No one can limit the power of the officials and the party.
India Sets Aside $1.6 Billion Fund For Startups
80-year-old Irish woman goes back to jail for protesting US use of Shannon Airport (x-post from r/Ireland)
Ukrainian forces launch an all out attack on Pro-Russian forces near Donetsk
The Afghan Taliban have urged Muslims to avoid extremism and remain united.
Soot-Stained Documents Reveal Firing Squad Executions Carried out by Rebels in Ukraine
FBI monitored Nelson Mandela in 1990s over perceived communist threat
Brics to Open Alternatives to World Bank, IMF
Amazon counter-attacks French ban on free deliveries
India Building Worlds Highest Railway Bridge
China Says Its up to US to Drive Global Economy
Executive pay 180 times average, report finds: Executive pay has grown from 60 times that of the average worker to almost 180 times since the 1990s, according to a report.
Germany 1 - 0 Argentina. Germany win the 2014 FIFA World Cup!
Church of England votes in favour of women bishops.
Edward Snowden condemns Britains emergency surveillance bill
Samsung has temporarily suspended business with one of its suppliers in China after finding evidence of illegal child labour at the plant.
Ukraine says plane shot down by rocket from Russia
In Iraqs disputed territory, minorities are embracing Kurdish control
Chinese hacker arrested, charged with hacking Boeing and US fighter jet planes
The clouds of black carbon soiling snow and ice in Finlands Arctic region have diminished since the middle of the 20th century, a change attributed to the collapse of the Soviet Union and the cessation of some of the most polluting industrial practices in Russia, according to a new study.
Natural Disasters including storms, floods and heatwaves have increased fivefold since the 1970s, UN finds
China bemoans its peoples behavior in Africaincluding undergarment ivory smuggling
Malware hidden in Chinese inventory scanners targeted logistics, shipping firms
Angela Merkel does not want to complete full term as German chancellor and is considering quitting ahead of the 2017 elections--interested in UN Secretary-General or President of the European Council roles
34 killed in raid on alleged brothel in Baghdad - An AFP correspondent on the scene reported that the attackers left a message on a door: This is the fate of any prostitution.
Pope Francis says about 8,000 pedophiles are members of Catholic clergy, including bishops and cardinals
Moscow considering targeted strikes on Ukraine: report
Rebels have captured Lugansk airport. Rebel airstrike has destroyed 6 Ukrainian tanks
News from Israel and Palestine for July 13th / 14th
US father takes unclaimed African kingdom so his daughter can be a princess
The Chief Judge of the US Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court in August 2010 formally approved spying by the US National Security Agency on all countries except Britain, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, according to reports published in the United States
Military transport plane shot down in eastern Ukraine
Eight killed in militant attack in Egypts Sinai Peninsula
The Pope cites data suggesting that about 2% of Catholic priests are pedophiles, wrote that I find this state of affairs intolerable.
BRICS nations rally around Russia: Leaders of the BRICS nations will meet July 15-16 in Fortaleza in northeastern Brazil, in a gathering that sends a strong message about their refusal to isolate Russia
Ukraine says Russian army officers fighting with rebels
Documents leaked by Edward Snowden reveal GCHQ programs to track targets, spread information and manipulate online debates
Germany may revert to typewriters to counter hi-tech espionage | Politicians claim communciations technology is mistrusted in wake of US spying allegations and NSA surveillance revelations
Iran sentences eight Facebook activists to total of 127 years in prison for criticising government
India caps price of 108 more medicines
Hong Kong asks Beijing for greater democracy
Cheetah Smuggling Driving Wild Population to Extinction - Rising demand for cheetahs as luxury pets in the Middle East taking gruesome toll as 2/3 of snatched cubs are dying en route. Nations at both ends of the trade agreed urgent action is needed.
Moscow Metro derailment: 3 killed, over 80 injured in rush hour
Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa (the BRICS nations) to launch World Bank and IMF rivals
10,000-year-old rock paintings depicting aliens and UFOs found in India
Germany pledges $1bn to UN climate change fund
Australia: George Brandis set to require internet, phone companies hold customer data for two years.
U.S. signs agreement for $11 billion arms sale to Qatar
The US has begun stage 1 of sending recent illegal immigrants back to their home countries
Australian intelligence agencies to be given new powers. Australians would be wise to insist on very careful scrutiny of these proposals before endorsing them.
Chinese TV anchor vanishes from the screen in corruption investigation, viewers watching an economics programme on China Central Television on Friday saw only an empty chair with an unused microphone where Rui Chenggang normally sits
North Korea fires 100 artillery shells near border over US-South Korea naval exercises
WTO rules against US in trade spat with China and India
90% of mostly civilian aircraft destroyed by rocket shelling at Tripoli airport, Libya may now seek deployment of international force
UKs New Energy &amp; Environment Ministers Opposed Green Energy - Energy minister, Matthew Hancock, signed letter calling for cuts to wind power subsidies &amp; environment secretary, Liz Truss, claimed renewable power was damaging the economy
CNET attacked by Russian hacker group
Ebola crisis in West Africa deepens
Pakistan: Man accused of blasphemy sentenced to death
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon says he will try to raise $2.2bn (1.3bn) in aid money to fight the spread of cholera in Haiti.
Russia has invited monitors from the OSCE to two of its border crossings with Ukraine as a sign of goodwill. Meanwhile, Ukraine has said shots that downed a military plane probably came from Russian territory.
TEPCOs rubble removal at Fukushima plant likely spread cesium to rice paddies 20km away
NASA: Humans Will Prove We Are Not Alone In The Universe Within 20 Years
A U.S. military nurse has refused to conduct forced feedings of inmates at Guantanamo Bay
Giant hole appears at worlds end
Israeli naval ship bombs Palestinian children on Gaza beach, killing four... A journalist who saw the incident said some of the children who survived were running away when another shell seemed to be aimed at them.
Journalists will face jail over spy leaks under new security laws in Australia
Julian Assange May be Freed Today
660 paedophile suspects arrested in the UK - Paedophiles using the Dark We.
Tesla Motors magnate Elon Musk donates $1 mn to Nikola Tesla museum
Four-winged dinosaur is biggest ever: A new four-winged dinosaur has been discovered, with exceptionally long feathers on its tail and hindwings. Changyuraptor yangi was a gliding predator which lived in the Cretaceous period in what is now Liaoning, China.
Former dictator Manuel Noriega sues Call of Duty publishers for portraying him as a kidnapper, murderer and enemy of the state
900 Kurds enter Syria to defend Kurdish city against the Islamic State
Metropolitan Police officer was moved from child abuse inquiry - A former senior Metropolitan Police officer says he was moved from his post when he revealed plans to investigate politicians over child abuse claims.
New UK Drip data law will allow interception of internet traffic worldwide
Suicide Blast Kills 89 in Afghanistan
Federal and state police officers raided a group home Tuesday in the western state of Michoacan and rescued 458 children who were forced to beg for money and suffered sexual abuse while being against their will in filthy conditions
Georgian ambassador at time of 2008 war with Russia found dead
ISIS has ordered government workers to stop giving rations to Christians and Shiites in Mosul
Julian Assange: Swedish judge rules on lifting of arrest warrant  live
Ukraine submits evidence of Russian covert action
Hundreds of Kurdish fighters have entered northern Syria to help battle jihadists besieging the Kurdish city of Ain al-Arab
Software used to count Australian Senate votes is a trade secret
Germany has criticised Russia for failing to meet commitments to end the violence in Ukraine, and said it might face further EU sanctions.
Leaders of the BRICS emerging market nations launched a $100 billion development bank and a currency reserve pool on Tuesday in their first concrete step toward reshaping the Western-dominated international financial system.
As Border Tensions Rise, Ukraine and Russia Draw Nearer to Direct Conflict
UNs Pillay suggests Snowden should not face trial
The World Health Organization calls for the decriminalization of drug use
Israel Ground Invasion of Gaza has Begun
As Putin blames Ukraine for MH17 tragedy, video emerges showing BUK missile launcher being driven into place
US Intelligence Confirms Surface to Air Missile downed Malaysian Airplane
Dutch Senator killed in Malaysia Airlines crash
Russia Today London correspondent resigns in protest at disrespect for facts over Malaysian plane crash
Family suffers tragedy twice. Kaylene Mann lost her brother Rod Burrows and her sister-in-law Mary with MH370 and her step-daughter Maree Rizk and her husband Albert were among the Australians on flight MH17.
Hamas hacks Israeli TV sat channel to broadcast pics of Gaza wounded
154 Dutch nationals, 27 Australians, 23 Malaysian, 11 Indonesians, six British nationals, four Germans, four Belgians, three Filipinos and one Canadian were on board MH17. Nationality of remaining 47 still undetermined.
UN: 80 per cent of Palestinians killed in Israeli offensive are civilians
CNN reporter removed from Israel-Gaza after branding Israelis who gathered to watch bombardment scum after they threatened her
Leading AIDS researchers/activists, WHO spokesperson reportedly on board Malaysian flight
MH17 death toll increased to 298  3 infants were on board
Turkish Prime Minister: Israel threatens world peace. Israel threatens peace in the Middle East ... Israel is at the moment waging terrorism; Israel at the moment is carrying out genocide
Germany is most energy efficient major economy, study finds
U.S. Senate Doubles Funding for Israels Iron Dome
City workers in Seoul will be allowed an hour a day to nap during the height of summer, in a bid to boost productivity. Anytime between 1pm and 6pm, as long as they make up for it by arriving early or leaving late. Employees can use lounges, conference rooms and other places to rest.
Russian aircrafts violate Ukrainian air space 5 times during 24 hours
- Two months after ordering 2,000 trains that were too wide, a French transport company orders 30 too-wide escalators, which will cost millions to replace.
ISIS Threatens To Kill Creator of Muslim Superhero Comic Series The 99
Boko Haram Jihadists Massacre 38 Christians During Attack On Village, Three Churches Burnt
The Indian Prime Ministers flight was close behind the one that got shot down
Putins Statement on Ukraine Plane Crash
Airline will not escape liability if act of war caused crash
Obama makes first remarks on plane crash in Ukraine
Delta cancels all flights to Israel indefinitely
Internet Piracy deciminalised in the UK. Only warnings will be sent in 2015 and no one will be disconnected.
Britain decriminalises online video game, music and movie piracy.
Gaza struggles to bury the bodies of the more than 550 dead. Morgues are overflowing, the freezers are full, and the living are too afraid of the Israeli offensive to hold proper funerals.
Shots fired into Al Jazeeras office in Gaza, a day after Israeli FM said Israel will work to close down the network.
The Great Barrier Reef is in the worst state its been in since records began and will be pretty ugly within 40 years, Australian scientists say.
Frances Jews Flee As Rioters Burn Paris Shops, Attack Synagogue
No safe place for civilians in Gaza, U.N. says
MH17 tributes in Moscow: Forgive us. Despite denials by Putin of Russian responsibility in downing MH17, dozens of tributes have been left outside the Dutch embassy by regular Russians.
The bodies of MH17 victims to be taken to the Netherlands and the Black Boxes will be handed over to a Malaysian Team tonight.
Defying allies, France to deliver first warship to Russia
Cellphone Video Captures Gaza Civilian Shot and Killed By Sniper
MSNBC Contributor Accuses Network Of Biased Coverage Toward Israel
Rebels in eastern Ukraine have handed over two flight-data recorders from the downed MH17 plane to Malaysian officials
Israeli ambassador to the US says IDF deserves Nobel Peace Prize for unimaginable restraint
Russias richest lost $1.7B Friday
Muslims show solidarity with Iraqi Christians in Baghdad rally
Quebec mayor, stung by wasps, dies.
11 parents of Nigerias abducted girls die: Since the mass abduction of the schoolgirls by Islamic extremists three months ago, at least 11 of their parents have died and their hometown, Chibok, is under siege from the militants, residents report.
Dutch expert says Ukraine body recovery team did a hell of a jo - Im very impressed about the work that was done over here, he said after inspecting the main crash site
World Health Organization Calls for Drug Decriminalization and Broad Drug Policy Reforms
North Korea appeals to White House to halt release of US comedy film - Telegraph
Emotional Al Jazeera Journalist Breaks Down During Gaza Report
Sinn Fein calls for expulsion of Israeli ambassador
Kuwait revokes citizenship of opposition activists including the owner of a pro-opposition satellite television channel and a daily newspaper
Qatar World Cup: migrants wait a year to be paid for building offices. Migrant workers who built luxury offices used by Qatars 2022 football World Cup organisers have told the Guardian they have not been paid for more than a year and are now working illegally from cockroach-infested lodgings.
Companies proclaim water the next oil in a rush to turn resources into profit: Mammoth companies are trying to collect water that all life needs and charge for it as they would for other natural resources
N. Korea threatens nuclear strike on White House
A 2nd American has now tested positive for Ebola.
Israeli Foreign Minister:No more cease-fires. IDF will operate with full power
Poll: 86.5% of Israelis oppose cease-fire
U.S. Airmen Banned from Drinking in 1st Month in Korea: The rule is part of a new introductory program for incoming troops and follows a string of rapes and other violent incidents involving U.S. Forces Korea personnel.
Pakistani mob kills two children including a baby and their grandmother after blasphemous Facebook post: A seven-year-old and her baby sister were killed alongside their grandmother, police said, after another member of the Ahmadi sect was accused of blasphemy
Hamas chief: We cannot coexist with occupiers.
The arrival of an Ebola-infected air passenger in Nigeria has airlines and airports scrambling to respond around the world
Hamas fired rockets in ceasefires
U.S. Releases Satellite Imagery That Shows Russians Shelling Eastern Ukraine
Japan wants to stage a robot Olympics alongside the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo.
Freedom Flotilla II set to sail for Gaza from Turkey, Turkish navy will provide protection
Deutsche Bank, HSBC and Bank of Nova Scotia have been accused of attempting to rig the price of silver, in a lawsuit filed in the US
Israel Blames Hamas For Gaza Hospital Strike
Germany tells citizens to get out of Libya
Fifth St. Petersburg LGBT pride event held without major incidents
Russia Wants UN Investigation Into Downed Malaysia Airlines Plane
MH17 Black Box Data Shows Evidence Of Missile Strike
Margaret Thatcher was warned of Tory child sex party claims
Moscow questions US allegations Russia shelling Ukraine
China criticized the U.S. for applying new tariffs on Chinese solar products following allegations that panels and cells were being sold too cheaply to the American consumer.
Leading scientists, including Lord Winston, an early pioneer of fertility treatment, have criticised the Department of Health for trying to play down a process that will for the first time allow the alteration of the DNA of future generations.
LIVE UPDATES: At least four Israelis killed, four wounded, in mortar shell fire from Gaza
NSA hands Gaza targeting data to Israel, say latest Snowden docs
The Phillipines has reported the countrys first suspected cases of the Ebola virus
62% of British public says Israel committing war crimes, as polls show sympathy for Palestinians
Ten firms say they will not represent clients that deny man-made climate change or seek to block emisson-reducing regulations
South Korea Sent 10,000 Choco Pies Over to North Korea in Balloons
Israeli Foreign Minister Suggests UN Takes Control of Gaza
Scientists discover vast methane plumes escaping from Arctic seafloor - aboard the icebreaker Oden  currently north of eastern Siberia
Bodies of possible Ebola victims found in central Monrovia on the street for four days before being collected; gov says few hours
High winds expose previously unknown Nazca geoglyphs in Peru
Irans elite Guards fighting in Iraq to push back Islamic State
Obama: Russia doesnt make anything, West must be firm with China
Terror attack in Jerusalem. 1 killed, 5 injured, terrorist shot dead.
Five previous Ebola outbreaks have been linked to the handling of meat from gorillas, chimps and duikers... all these animals have been found for sale in the UK. Heathrow baggage handlers frequently complain about foul-smelling packages, some seeping blood
Iran ready to fully support Palestine
Strong quake kills at least 367 in southern China
There are reports of the Islamic State executing dozens of Yazidis.
UK government reviewing 8bn of arms sales to Israel
Obama - Russia doesnt make anything: US president downplays Russias role in the world, saying Vladimir Putins actions will hurt country in the long-term.
Israel breaks ceasefire in minutes as eight-year-old girl killed in air strike
Over 400 Ukrainian Military Personnel Request Refugee Status in Russia
New Fears That Bush Meat Could Spread Ebola Experts warn deadly virus could be carried through smuggled meat...While the meat is often disguised as beef, it is often found to be the meat of wild animals such as rat or antelope....7500 tons annually.
Police in China have detained six executives of a meat supply company that supplied long-expired meat to foreign fast food chains McDonalds and KFC-parent Yum Brands Inc, among many others
Indian police have arrested the chairman of state-run Syndicate bank, Sudhir Kumar Jain, and several others over allegations of bribery: The raids are being described as the first large scale anti-corruption moves since Prime Minister Narendra Modi took office earlier this year.
More than 130 Palestinians killed in IDFs Hannibal protocol
Israel declares 7-hour humanitarian cease-fire to take effect Monday in Gaza
Indonesia, the largest Muslim country in the world, has banned the support and endorsement of ISIS
Italy expels imam for preaching hatred against Jews
US officials say someone else is leaking documents in the wake of Snowden
Germany blocks the delivery of military parts to Russia
Canadians Cant Drink Their Water After 1.3 Billion Gallons Of Mining Waste Flows Into Rivers
Outrage in Saudi Arabia at appearance of female newsreader without headscarf on state television
Wikipedia has revealed that more than 50 links to content on its website have been removed from Googles search results under the controversial Right to be Forgotten ruling
Angry Palestinians Attack Hamas Official Over Gaza Destruction
NATO says Russia could be poised to invade Ukraine
Iraqi children die as ISIS targets Yazidi minority. Lawmaker Vian Dakhil, the only MP representing the Yazidi minority in Iraqs Parliament, said in an impassioned speech that 70 Yazidi children had died so far, that women were being killed or sold into slavery and that 500 men had been slaughtered.
Member of Iraqi Parliament breaks down in tears: ISIL is exterminating my people (translation included)
Ebola outbreak: British experts urge US and WHO to give Africans experimental cure.
A US 2-star Major General was killed and 15 other soldiers, including a German Brigadier General, were wounded in an attack at a military academy in Afghanistan today. The major general would be the highest-ranking member of the U.S. military to die in hostilities in Afghanistan.
Rosetta satellite set to land on comet after 10 years LIVE
Putin bans agricultural imports from sanctioning countries for 1 year
North Korea plans to fire missiles at White House, Pentagon if US-South Korea continue military exercises
Perus New Cocaine - Illegal gold miningfarmers digging up ore &amp; selling it on the black market, so that it may eventually end up wrapped around your fiances fingeris a major cause of rain forest depletion. It has devastated nearly 370,000 acres of the Peruvian Amazon.
France 24 Reporter Reveals Hamas Rocket Launcher Fired Near Civilians, United Nations Facility and Reporters
ISIS commander killed in Lebanon clashes
Putin spends 300 billion roubles from public pension savings to plug fiscal holes, second year in a row
More than 400 children have been killed in Israels assault on Gaza, and almost a thousand times as many are traumatized and face an extraordinarily bleak future, says top UNICEF official in Gaza
US spy plane photos reveal groups of girls believed to be those kidnapped by Boko Haram from a Nigerian boarding school
Between 35,000-50,000 Yazidis are completely surrounded by ISIS militants in Sinjar, Iraq
Iraqi Yazidis stranded on isolated mountaintop begin to die of thirst.
Leader in murder of Israeli teens arrested
Obama authorizes targeted airstrikes in Iraq against Islamic militants, along with airdrops.
Man found wandering in northern Maine IDd as Rwandan gnocidaire whom Canada says helped kill 200 in hospital in 94
Ebola is declared an international health emergency.
US launches Iraq militant air strike
Hamas breaks ceasefire, fires rockets at Israel.
ISIS: We Will Raise The Flag Of Allah In The White House
Russia bans anonymous public Wi-Fi.
Argentina sues US at top UN court over debt
Hamas: If Gaza blockade isnt lifted, well renew fire Friday
Archbishop: Hamas Fired Out of Our Church in Gaza
Australias cruel asylum regime must end, say 190 experts
China Irritated With Christianity, is Creating its Own Version
First Ebola case suspected in Greece
UK government announces plan to cut funding to schools that teach creationism; children as young as 2 must learn British values
Ukraine considers stopping all transit from Russia, including gas as form of sanctions - PM
Kievs Independence Square Is on Fire  Again
Know your place you shameless woman, Erdoan tells journalist for The Economist
American Forces Said to Bomb ISIS Targets in Iraq
Britains Deputy Prime Minister calls for Ending imprisonment for the possession of drugs for personal use
Iraqi Airstrikes kill 130 IS Militants in Mosul
14-year-old girl reunited with her family after being swept away by tsunami 10 years ago
Kurdish Pershmaga transport large amount of Yazidi refugees to safe areas of Kurdistan
Israeli minister urges Germany and EU to send inspectors to Gaza
Ebola scare reaches Delhi, India - 3 under watch in Dwarka
RAF planes to drop food aid in Iraq
At least half of the 40,000 people besieged by jihadists on a mountaintop in northern Iraq have escaped in the past 24 hours, aided by Kurdish rebels who crossed from Syria to rescue them.
The U.S. military has systematically covered up or disregarded abundant and compelling evidence of war crimes, torture, and unlawful killings in Afghanistan as recently as last year, according to a report by Amnesty International
Ukrainian government forces are preparing for the final stage of recapturing the city of Donetsk from pro-Russian separatist rebels.
North Korea plans report on human rights: North Korea, unhappy with a damning, in-depth United Nations sponsored study of human rights conditions in the country, is planning its own assessment.
Ambulance service in New Zealand fails to respond to critically ill patient for 1 hour and 10 minutes - despite being 5 minutes away from Auckland Hospital. The patient works for one of New Zealands largest news agencies.
Kurdish forces retake 2 towns from ISIS in northern Iraq
NATO sees high probability of Russian invasion as Ukraine troops close on Donetsk
Iraq crisis: US to arm Kurds - live updates
Ban Ki-moon secretly worked with Israel to undermine UN report into Gaza war crimes, says WikiLeaks
Australian MP listed as secret KGB informant in Russian archives
An artillery shell landed in a high-security prison in the city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine, sparking a riot in which 106 inmates escaped, local officials say.
Nuclear reactors closed after faults found at north England power plants - Defects found in boiler units by inspectors lead to 4 reactors being taken offline, 2 at Heysham 1 &amp; 2 at Hartlepool
North Korea launch surfing tours on east coast
Head of Human Rights Watch denied entry after landing in Cairo ahead of release of report on mass killing of protesters.
20,000 Iraqis besieged by Isis escape from mountain after US air strikes
Hillary Clinton blasts unfair world reaction over Gaza, cites anti-Semitism as factor
Police want right to see medical records without consent
Report: Hamas Executes Dozens of Terror Tunnel Diggers
Fracking campaigners criticise censored report on house prices. Government urged to publish sections cut from study into impact of shale gas wells on local communities
Desperate Christians in Iraq beg UK and US to send in troops
Ukraine says Russia has massed 45,000 troops on joint border | Reuters
Israel Finds Silent Backing Among Arab Nations Hostile to Hamas
The U.S. failed to properly investigate civilian killings, including possible war crimes, which occurred during its military operations in Afghanistan, the international rights group Amnesty International said Monday. NATO said it would review the report.
Erdogan wins Turkeys presidential election: Unofficial results show PM won Turkeys first directly elected poll with 52 percent as his main rival concedes victory.
US Bombs ISIS Again
South Koreas firstand onlyastronaut just quit her job, ending the countrys manned space program
NSA was responsible for 2012 Syrian internet blackout, Snowden says
Iranian is first woman to nab highest prize in maths: The Intl Mathematical Union has revealed the winners of the 2014 Fields medals, considered the highest honour in mathematics. The 4 young medallists  including Maryam Mirzakhani, the first female winner since the prizes were established in 1936
ISIS brutally subdues rebellion in Syria, beheading and crucifying tribesmen who resisted their rule
Australia open to sending troops to Iraq to prevent genocide by Islamic State, Protecting people from murder at the hands of ISIL terrorists is a humanitarian cause ...and Australia has a long and proud tradition of assisting people in need
Brazil presidential candidate Campos in plane crash: source
Leader of the Conservative Peoples Party in Denmark: Im gay, so what?
Thorium-based 300 MW nuclear power plant in India to be commissioned in 2015
Egypts top religious authority condemns ISIS describing it as a corrupt, extremist organisation that is damaging Islam
Russia accepts Ukrainian stipulations to hand over convoy of aid trucks to Red Cross before they enter country
Canadians spend more on taxes than on food, clothes and housing, study finds
Islamic State Supporters Hand Out Leaflets in Central London Promising Dawn of a New Era
Archaeologists uncover Greeces biggest ancient tomb - The official said the Amphipolis site, about 65 miles north-east of Greeces second-biggest city, Thessaloniki, appeared to be the largest ancient tomb to have been discovered in Greece.
280-truck Russian aid convoy set to reach Ukraine border within hours
Israel furious as UN unveils Gaza probe team
Australias Treasurer Joe Hockey claims fuel tax increase wont affect poor people because they dont have cars
A landslide in eastern Switzerland has derailed a train in a serious accident, police say, amid reports that carriages have plunged into a ravine.
China arrests North Korean defectors near Laos border, the group which includes women and children will be deported back to North Korea
UN report finds Gaza construction funding incorrectly handled by non-staff UN personnel
US is sending 130 more military advisors to northern Iraq to help Kurds fight militants
Hundreds of PKK Kurdish fighters poured into Iraq on Friday turning the tides against ISIS
Islamic State seizes towns near Turkish border -- a significant expansion.
AP video journalist, translator killed in Gaza
UK to suspend military exports to Israel, if fighting in Gaza resumes
French town is resistant to changing their name from La-mort-aux-Juifs which means Death to Jews
A group of North Korean defectors held by China on the Laos border is released to South Korea rather than repatriated in sign of a Chinese policy change
A Russian convoy carrying humanitarian aid has turned away from its route towards a confrontation with government officials at the Ukrainian border - and is now heading straight for rebel-held areas.
Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370: Passengers Bank Accounts Being Accessed Unknowingly, Money Goes Missing- Report
4 Billion Gallons of Mining Waste Pour Into Pristine B.C. Waterways
Coal generation down as Germany breaks yet another renewables record. Green electricity meets 28 per cent of demand in first half of 2014
Two hours before ceasefire set to end, and with parties still working in Cairo to extend lull, Gaza militants break truce, fire rockets at Israel.
Pesticide Ban Call to Save Bees - Scottish Wildlife Trust reports 60% decline in bumblebees. Hoverflies &amp; butterflies also at threat. Govt says its committed to taking a precautionary approach on the use of neonicotinoids.
US ground troops land on Iraqs Mt Sinjar to evacuate trapped Yazidis
The Australian governments chief business adviser says too much time has been spent focusing on global warming and as a result Australians are ill prepared to deal with the prospect of global cooling. He also states that global warming only persists because science has been made a religion.
Polish Defense Minister Tomasz Siemoniak welcomes family of US soldier who died shielding a Pole from suicide bomber in Afghanistan. Father of US soldier: I feel that he is not only a Polish soldier, but my brother and part of our family.
German public debt falls for first time in post-war era
Israeli official confirms US nixed arms sale to Israel
Ukraine rebel head Strelkov quits
ISIS Shifts Tactics As US Bombings Begin, Blend Into Population
Israeli Finance Minister Yair Lapid in apparent shot at Netanyahu: Crisis in US-Israel relations is a very concerning trend... Sometimes, you just have to know how to say thank you.
Pro-ISIS leaflets handed out on Oxford Street (London)
Seoul: N. Korea fires projectiles as pope visits
Restrictions on gay men donating blood outdated, says Tory MP
SAS sent in to Iraq as US troops land on Mount Sinjar
UPDATE 1-One child killed and two wounded in Sinai rocket attack
Hello Kitty, Japans ambassador of cute, is on a government-funded mission to space: The project to launch Sanrio Co Ltds white cat with a pink bow into orbit is part of Prime Minister Shinzo Abes push to promote Japans high-tech industry and engineer economic growth.
Nigeria fears Ebola spread to east by infected nurse who disobeyed medical instructions
Putin says Russia Should Aim to Sell Energy in Roubles
Norwegian Journalist: Hamas Expels Reporters Over Critical Coverage
Gaza conflict: Israel and Hamas agree to extend ceasefire by five days
Residents of Beijing can use one of the citys 34 newly installed recycling machines to trade empty bottles for phone card rebates or free public transit passes.
Israel bars Amnesty, Human Rights Watch workers from Gaza
Canadian Doctors decline request from Health Canada to back Anti-Marijuana campaign.
Sweet victory for Mexico beekeepers as Monsanto loses GM permit
Saudi prince robbed in Paris after motorcade held at gunpoint
Six LGBT persons have been stoned to death in rural Uganda -- They were killed by stoning. One who survived (still breathing after stoning) was burnt alive using kerosene/paraffin and a match box
For 15 years, over $77 million in counterfeit $100 bills have flooded into the US from Israel.
Julian Assange to leave Ecuadorian embassy and could surrender to police
Australian authorities are failing to protect Great Barrier Reef because of Australian PM Tony Abbotts approval of the dumping of dredge soil
E-cigarettes set to be banned in India soon
Israel may be accused of war crimes by UN council
Gazas ruling Hamas placed dozens of activists from the rival Fatah movement under house arrest during the Gaza war and shot several in the legs for not staying indoors
Plans for one of Australias largest solar power stations scrapped - Decision to suspend Mildura solar power station comes amid speculation renewable energy target may be scrapped
British Muslim wants to renounce citizenship and move to the Islamic State
Inequality grows as pay gap for bosses and workers is higher than ever
Ukraines flag raised over Luhansk
Russian sanctions create surplus of European produce | Russian sanctions have left farmers in Europe high and dry. If they put their produce on EU markets, prices would likely crash. So what is to become of this years harvest?
Biggest oil discovery in 30 years found off Western Australia coast
Liberia confirms West Point patients missing: Following earlier denials, Liberia has admitted that 17 suspected Ebola patients are missing after a health centre in the capital was looted. The govt had sought to reassure people, saying all the patients had been moved to another health facility.
U.S. firm helped the spyware industry build a potent digital weapon for sale overseas
Australian Teenage supporter of Islamic State arrested for hate crime.
Israels Shin Bet security service said Monday it had thwarted a Hamas coup attempt in the West Bank aimed at toppling Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas
Torture And Rendition: Diplomats Trying To Censor US Senate Report On British Role In CIA Activities
A powerful volcano, Brarbunga, might erupt in the Highlands of Iceland. The Icelandic Met Office has upgraded its aviation alert status to orange, meaning that a volcano shows heightened or escalating unrest with increased potential of eruption.
Hamas in West Bank planned to topple Palestinian Authority
Two sisters who kidnapped 13 young children and forced them to work as pickpockets before murdering them are to become the first women to be executed in India.
Russia Wants Bulgarians to Stop Vandalizing Soviet Monuments To Look Like American Superheroes
100,000 elephants killed in Africa between 2010 and 2012, study finds
Saudi Arabias Grand Mufti Sheikh Abdulaziz Al al-Sheikh, the highest religious authority in the country, said on Tuesday the militant groups Islamic State and al-Qaida were enemy number one of Islam and not in any way part of the faith.
Israel: Rockets From Gaza Break Ceasefire
Pope: I have only two or three years left to live
North Korea Moves Tanks, Armored Vehicles to Chinese Border
Air France cabin crew are so concerned about the threat of the Ebola epidemic that unions have started a petition calling for flights to be stopped to those West African countries most affected by the disease.
Egypt calls for restraint in Ferguson
Three rockets explode in Israel, hours before truce to expire - Diplomacy and Defense
ISIS to America: We Will Drown All of You In Blood for airstrikes.
Hezbollah kills local Islamic State leader in Qalamoun, near the Lebanon-Syria border
Yazidis haunted by cries for help as militants bury victims alive
Liberian army told to shoot on sight anyone crossing border as search for Ebola patients continues
Liberia: all 17 runaway Ebola patients found
No longer pinned down by U.S. air cover, Taliban fighters are attacking Afghan military posts in larger numbers with the aim of taking and holding ground  a shift from the hit-and-run strikes with posses of gunmen, explosives and suicide bombers
An American Tribe Wants a German Museum to Return Native American Scalps - The German Museums Association says that scalps are not subject to the same ethical guidelines that govern other human remains
Five weeks out from an election, New Zealand is hit by a Watergate scandal implicating the Prime Minister.
Montreal firefighters trash city hall over pension dispute, police watch from sidelines
Australian Politician Clive Palmer releases Tirade, referring to the Chinese as Mongrels and Bastards. China responds by labelling the verbal attack as Absurd and irresponsible. Possible tensions for Trade Agreement between the countries that was set to be tabled by the end of the year.
US should mind its own problems, not meddle in others affairs  Russian FM
Europe shot itself in foot with Russia sanctions: Hungary PM
Hazelnut prices soar, fuelling fears of Nutella shortage
Nigerian woman suspected of Ebola dies in UAE on way to India
China liquor reported spiked with Viagra
US Journalist, James Foley, beheaded by ISIS Warning to America.
Maya Cities Found in Yucatan2 massive cities hidden by dense vegetation. In the jungle you can be 600 ft from a large site &amp; not suspect it. Both feature plazas surrounded by palace-like buildings &amp; pyramids, one 65 ft high, &amp; ball courts. Stele with date November 29, AD 711 found.
Isis fighter who beheaded US journalist appears to be British, Hammond says
The Islamic State Executes Female Dentist for Treating Men
Iran to produce 400,000 electric motorcycles to help reduce air pollution. Once the plan is implemented, only electric motorcycles will be allowed on the streets of central Tehran.
German development minister Gerd Mueller accuses Qatar of financing ISIS
Chinese coal consumption just fell for first time this century
The computers of high-ranking officials in agencies involved in the MH370 investigation were hacked and classified information was stolen.
Sierra Leones 365 Ebola deaths traced back to one healer
North Korea says US Secretary of State John Kerry is a wild dog with a hideous lantern jaw
Sea plankton discovered outside space station
Muhammad is now the most popular babies name in England and Wales, when its three main spelling variations are counted.
Earth sliding into ecological debt earlier and earlier, campaigners warn. World has already exhausted a years supply of natural resources in less than eight months, Global Footprint Network says
Qatar threatened Hamas leader Khaled Mashal that it would expel him if Hamas accepts the Egyptian ceasefire truce deal
ISIS Threatens the life of another U.S Journalist, Steven Sotloff, after alleged beheading of James Foley
Israel Reports HAMAS Military Chief Killed In Airstrike
Changes to Australian Security Laws Will Make Illegally Obtained Evidence Permisable in Court
200-Year-Old Alcohol Found in Shipwreck Is Still Drinkable
Reporting from Gaza: Criticism of Hamas slowly growing among population
Activists paint Moscows Stalin Tower with Ukraine colours
Curiosity rover in danger as wheels get punctured and badly damaged due to harsh terrain
He deserves to die like bin Laden: Israel defends air strike that killed Hamas leaders wife and baby son as militant group warns: Youve opened the gates of hell
#ISISMediaBlackout goes viral following purported execution of James Foley.
Hamas claims responsibility for the rocket strike on central Israel. They claim they used a Fajr-5 rocket.
Saudi Arabia executes four for hashish possession
ISIS Spokesman Who Promised To Raise The Flag Of Allah In The White House Is Killed
Canadian government orders scientist not to disclose extent of polar melting
U.S. military announces 14 airstrikes in Iraq following James Foley execution
British Right-Wing party (UKIP) calls to strip Islamic State militants of their British citizenship
North Korean Internet users download American Porn, Violent video games and British TV show Top Gear
Suicide Tourism: Terminally ill Britons now make up a nearly one quarter of users of suicide clinics in Switzerland. Only Germany has a higher numbers of suicide tourists visiting institutions to end their own lives
A 111-year-old Japanese national has been certified as the worlds oldest man. With this, Japan now boasts of having the worlds oldest man and woman
Confirmed: Microbial life found half mile below Antarctic ice sheet
Earths atmosphere contains an unexpectedly large amount of an ozone-depleting compound from an unknown source decades after the compound was banned worldwide
A 70-year-old Australian grandfather has become the oldest person to swim the English Channel, celebrating his feat by having a couple of beers for medicinal purposes
Gaza rocket fire hits new heights: 168 launched in one day
In first, Hamas official takes credit for kidnap and murder of Israeli teens
Obama addresses James Foleys beheading by ISIS: No just God would stand for what they did
James Foley death sparks manhunt to find British jihadist
Israel kills three top Hamas commanders
Shortly after Ugandas controversial Anti-Homosexuality Act was struck down by the courts on a technicality, a similar proposed bill in neighboring Kenya seeking harsh punishments for homosexuals was found unconstitutional
Ivory poachers killing elephants faster than they are being born, a new study says
Growing fears that Icelands Bardarbunga volcano could be about to erupt, with around 1,000 earthquakes in the past 24 hours:
Three more Tibetans have died of untreated gunshot wounds after Chinese authorities fired on peaceful protesters last week in Sichuan Province and refused to treat the dozens who were injured and detained
Ecuador president confirms that the country has granted asylum to Julian Assange
Three top Hamas commanders killed in Israeli strike
Police warn sharing James Foley killing video is a crime under Britains anti-terror laws. Even viewing the video may be a criminal offense.
Hundreds Rally in Ireland After Rape Victim Says Denied Abortion
Israel-Gaza conflict: Anti-Semitic incidents up 500% in UK since start of bombardment of Gaza
James Foley captors first asked for $135 million ransom
Australia: Conservationists making last ditch plea to fed. govt to help prevent endangered black cockatoos from becoming extinct due to the felling of their pine forest - Perth people love their birds &amp; this is an iconic species. We need the state &amp; federal govt to take urgent action over this.
SAS, Delta Force, and Seal Team 6 forming hunter killer unit to smash Islamic State
More than 720 whales have been harpooned in Norway in the most deadly hunting season since the Government began defying an international ban in 1993.
30 Metre Wide Sinkhole Appears in Durham, England - So deep its bottom cant be seen. Gaping void discovered by woman walking dog, still growing in size. The sound was phenomenal. We could hear rumbling &amp; smashing &amp; crashing from down below.
Congo declares Ebola outbreak
Indias Untouchables Still Being Forced to Collect Human Waste by Hand - Practice of forcing low-caste people in Indian communities to remove accumulated human waste from latrines is continuing despite legal prohibitions, according to new report.
A column of Russian tanks and armored vehicles has crossed into southeastern Ukraine
Mayor of London says Britons visiting Iraq or Syria should be presumed terrorists
Assange scheduled to help Kim Dotcom drop bombshell on NZ prime minister 5 days before the NZ elections.
Iran Sends Tanks to Iraq to Fight ISIS
Burger King in merger talks with Canadas Tim Hortons
An American journalist kidnapped in Syria nearly two years ago has been freed and handed over to U.N. representatives after Qatari mediation helped lead to his release.
ISIS captures major military base in Syria using a child suicide bomber
7.0 Earthquake in Tambo, Peru
70 percent of Israelis living near Gaza have left | i24news
French PM presents government resignation
Sex superbug: Concerns over spread of highly resistant gonorrhoea strain found in Australia
US set to launch air strikes on senior Isis leaders in Syria
Tunnels as tall as the Eiffel Tower discovered under Antarctic ice
Incredible rate of polar ice loss alarms scientists
Widespread methane leakage from ocean floor off US coast
110 rockets fired at Israel since midnight as barrages continue
Ukraine border guards clash with rebels near Russian border: military
Hamas fires 23 mortars at crossing used for humanitarian aid supplies.
Jihad Made in Kosovo | Over the span of two days, 43 Islamic extremists were arrested in Kosovo. Dozens more are under watch, both at home and in the Middle East. As fears of terror attacks grow, Kosovo is clamping down
A 22 yr old Australian Aboriginal woman who died in jail after twice seeking medical attention from authorities who deemed her healthy, was imprisoned over unpaid fines totalling just $1000
Russia admits its soldiers have been caught in Ukraine
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus approval rating hits 38%, down from 82% last month.
Burger King Worldwide Inc. has agreed to acquire Tim Hortons Inc. for about $12.5 billion in a deal and move its headquarters to Canada.
Malaysia Airlines flights are empty and the airline is burning $2Million per day
U.S. and Iran Hit ISIS, Ignore Each Other
Russian soldiers captured in east Ukraine crossed border by accident
ISIS Militant Who Loved Taking Photos With Severed Heads Killed In Iraq
Finland Says NATO an Option After Russia Violates Border Laws
Ban E-cig use indoors, says WHO
As many as 112 Indian nationals suspected to have been exposed to the Ebola virus are expected to land in Mumbai from Liberia on seven different flights Tuesday.
Putting the full blame for Palestinian situation on Hamas, Saudi foreign minister calls for Arab nations to strengthen ties with Israel
US shocked at UAE air strikes in Libya
NASAs New Horizons Spacecraft Crosses Neptune Orbit En Route to Historic Pluto Encounter
The Islamic State may be raising more than $2 million a day in revenue from oil sales, extortion, taxes and smuggling, according to U.S. intelligence officials and anti-terrorism finance experts.
Turkey struggles as lone gatekeeper against Islamic State recruitment: The Islamic State is here to establish the law of God ... Turkey is not being ruled based on Gods law but as a secular state.
Pope Francis endorses use of force to stop unjust aggressor ISIS
French Cabinet Is Dissolved, A Victim of Austerity Battles: The collapse of the French government on Monday exposed widening divisions both within Frances leadership, and Europe more broadly, over austerity policies that many now fault for threatening to tip the eurozone back into recession.
Islamic States Own Photos Used to Find One of Its Training Camps
Charred U.S. dollars fluttering in street after Israeli missile blows up car with alleged Hamas money man inside
ISIS Demands $6.6M Ransom for 26-Year-Old American Woman.
China Is Building a National Operating System to Cut Out Microsoft and Google
Pakistan suffers heavy casualties as Indian govt gives troops free hand to retaliate against ceasefire violations.
ISIS developing sophisticated drones to launch attacks on Israel and US
UK embassy apologises for burning White House tweet
Australian Prime Minister, Tony Abbott, to go ahead with $244 million program that introduces religious chaplains to state schools and keeps secular workers out.
Terror suspects may lose Norwegian citizenship: The government is considering withdrawing Norwegian citizenship from individuals taking part in terror activities and wars abroad.
North Korea calls US a human rights graveyard over Ferguson.
American Douglas McAuthur McCain Killed Fighting for ISIS in Syria
Irreversible Damage Seen From Climate Change in UN Leak
Great Barrier Reef: Australian MP Says He Got it Wrong on Dredging Spoil - Admits he was wrong to support dumping of 5m tons of sediment into the Reefs marine park. Writes open letter, saying hes looking at options to dump dredging spoil on land.
All schools in Nigeria have been ordered to remain shut until 13 October as part of measures to prevent the spread of the deadly Ebola virus. The new academic year was due to start on Monday.
Rotherham sex abuse scandal: 1,400 children exploited by Asian gangs while authorities turned a blind eye - Telegraph
The Argentine government says it is revoking the operating license of a U.S. bank that has played a central role in the dispute that recently pushed the country into default
Nato plans east European bases to counter Russian threat
Astronomers: First Evidence Of Water Clouds Discovered Outside Solar System
London Metropolitan Police chief apologises for officers unlawful use of CS spray on protesters - Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe admits officer used excessive force when he sprayed teargas into faces of UK Uncut protesters
NATO Plans More Visible Presence in Eastern Europe: It is safe to say that nobody had expected Russia to grab land by force. We also saw a remarkable change in the Russian military approach and capability since, for instance, the Georgian war in 2008.
The U.S. Coast Guard fired at an Iranian fishing dhow in the Persian Gulf after the Iranian boat pointed a machine gun at the American crew, the Navy said on Tuesday.
Egypts Sisi says Qatar and Turkey are spending millions to spread chaos in Arab lands
16% of French Citizens Support ISIS, Poll Finds
The Ukrainian military said on Wednesday that more Russian soldiers had crossed the border into eastern Ukraine, entering the small town of Amvrosiyivka in five armoured infantry carriers and a truck.
Saudi Arabia busts cell of ISIS recruiters
Iran to military intervene in Iraq with no restrictions if ISIS captures holy Shiite cities of Karbala and Najaf
China Said to Consider $16 Billion Electric Vehicle-Charging Fund - Chinas central government last month set a target for electric cars to make up at least 30 percent of government vehicle purchases by 2016.
Syrian rebels take over border crossing with Israel | i24news
Advertising Standards Authority rules Peabodys clean coal ad misleading
Ukraines PM says Russia has plans to block gas flows to Europe
Iranian General Threatens Surprise Attack on Israel; wants to air its grievances with Israel on the battlefield 
IMF Chief Christine Lagarde Under Investigation Over Fraud Charges
Ukraine to seek Nato membership
U.S. says Russia has outright lied about Ukraine
Russian Army Wives Are Protesting For Russia To Come Clean About Where Soldiers Are
Russians start asking: are we at war?
Ukraine Asserts Russian Invasion and Reinstitutes Draft
Obama on Russian invasion: Ukraine is not a member of NATO. But a number of those states that are close by are. And we take our Article Five commitments to defend each other very seriously.
WildLeaks: a whistleblower platform for poaching and wildlife crimes | Many witnesses of poaching or other wildlife crimes remain silent, fearing retribution. An anonymous whistlebower platform aims to change that. The WildLeaks project is turning information into action on the ground
Malaysia Airlines lays off 6,000 jobs
UKs terror threat level raised to severe
A volcanic eruption has started in Icelands Brarbunga
Renewable energy capacity grows at fastest ever pace- Green technologies now produce 22% of worlds electricity
Finland Upgrades NATO Ties After Condemning Russian Tactics
The idea that the United States or any outside power would perpetually defeat Isis, I think, is unrealistic, Obama said.
Italy Steps Up Security Over Alleged ISIS Plot to Kill The Pope
Putin likens Ukraines forces to Nazis and threatens standoff in the Arctic
Obama rules out US military action in Ukraine
Gene studies of Ebola in Sierra Leone show virus is mutating fast
MILF vows to stop spread of ISIS virus in the Philippines
More than 100 Russian soldiers were killed in eastern Ukraine in a battle this month while helping pro-Russian separatists fight Ukrainian troops, two members of the Russian presidential human rights council said on Thursday, citing accounts of eye-witness and relatives of the dead.
U.K. Wants EU to Block Russia From SWIFT Banking Network
Senegal confirms its 1st case of Ebola
The Islamic States Terror Laptop of Doom - Buried In a Dell Computer Captured in Syria Are Lessons For Making Bubonic Plague Bombs and Fatwas On Using Weapons of Mass Destruction.
We anxiously await a Russian-produced map of Canada that shows an independent Quebec. It seems to be the way diplomacy is being conducted these days.
Palestinian leader say Hamas caused prolonged war: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has accused Hamas of needlessly extending fighting in the Gaza Strip, causing a high death toll.
Polish and Ukrainian scientists unearth 1,000 victims of Stalin in castle once used as secret police prison
Islamic State kills US hostage Steven Sotloff
Malaysia Airlines has provoked a storm of controversy by asking customers to list the things they would most like to do before they die.
US claims it has rightful access to data stored on servers anywhere in the world.
Russian General Calls for Preemptive Nuclear Strike Doctrine Against NATO
Pakistan army kills 910 Taliban militants
Danish mosque declares support for Isis
Obama says US will degrade and destroy Islamic State
American forces are on the ground here: Kurds claim US commandos ARE fighting ISIS with them in northern Iraq, after Obama said no combat troops would fight
Israel shows evidence of rocket fire from Gaza schools
Saudi Arabias proposal to destroy Prophet Mohammeds tomb and move remains to anonymous grave risks new Muslim division
UK bans American Apparel adverts UK for Sexualising Schoolgirls and Underage Porn
Moscow has continued to deny direct involvement in the fighting in eastern Ukraine. But evidence to the contrary continues to mount. NATO says up to 1,000 Russian soldiers have joined the fray and the pro-Russian separatists have made a remarkable turnaround.
Jordan signs 15 year deal to import natural gas from Israel, estimated value more than $15bn
New drug cured 16 of 16 monkeys with a viral ebola relative.
Obama signs off on request for more U.S. troops in Iraq
President Obama: We will degrade and destroy ISIS
CDC: Window Is Closing on Containing Ebola
Forty-eight Kurdish intellectuals symbolically convert to Yezidi faith to protest Islamic State attacks
Putins spokesman: Russia did not agree a ceasefire
Mexican state of Coahuila legalises same-sex marriage
Kremlin is ready to release phone conversation about taking Kiev in two weeks
ISIS said in a recent tweet it is forcing detained Syrian pilots to train militant fighters to fly stolen aircraft
In an attack that felt like an earthquake, U.S. forces hit Islamic extremists in Somalia
Ukraine Retracts Announcement of Cease-Fire With Russia
ICC: Palestine is a state, can file war crimes complaints against Israel if chooses
After convincing China to give up shark fin soup, Yao Ming sets out to save Africas elephants from the ivory trade
Lego is now the worlds largest toymaker, as kids choose bricks over Barbie
Anti-ISIS flag-burning campaign launched by a trio of fearless Lebanese teens have ignited an Internet anti-terror sensation
Photographs show Amazonian tribe capturing and stripping illegal rainforest loggers: The tribes have sent out their warriors to expel all loggers they find, setting up monitoring camps in the areas that are being illegally exploited.
Three top ISIS lieutenants killed in US bombing raid
British jihadists fighting in Syria are increasingly disillusioned and want to come home, it has been reported | Dozens of them are reported to want to return to Britain but are afraid they will be locked up for years if they do so.
Estonia intelligence officer abducted by gunpoint and taken to Russia
Irans Supreme Leader has approved co-operation with the US as part of the fight against Islamic State in northern Iraq, sources have told BBC Persian.
A group of indigenous people in Brazils Amazon region have detained and expelled loggers working illegally in their ancestral lands.
Korean 20 year old dies in military service after a month of systematic beating, military is accused of covering up bullying
Prominent Imams Denounce ISIS, Prohibit Muslims From Joining. According to the fatwa, British and other EU citizens should not only avoid joining the extremist group, but should also actively oppose its poisonous ideology.
New dinosaur discovered! Ancient behemoth: Meet Dreadnoughtus, a supermassive dino
Ukraine ceasefire deal signed
The U.N. nuclear watchdog said it has seen releases of steam and water indicating that North Korea may be operating a reactor, in the latest update on a plant that experts say could make plutonium for atomic bombs.
British jihadists want to come home, say they made mistake
Archaeologists Make Spectacular Discovery Off Denmarks Coast: Stone Age boat &amp; settlement foundBoat has repairs. It split 6,500 yrs ago &amp; they tried to fix the crack by putting a bark strip over it &amp; drilling holes on both sides. The most exciting thing is theres sealing mass in the holes.
US confirms al-Shabab leader killed
World-first experiment achieves direct brain-to-brain communication in human subjects
Large asteroid to pass very close to Earth on Sunday
NATO allies to supply Ukraine with lethal military equipment
Russian TV shows funeral of soldier killed on leave in Ukraine
Japan transfers $1 billion in frozen oil money to Iran
Thirty-four Bosnian coal miners trapped underground after earthquake
US, S Korea reportedly to set up wartime unit to destroy Norths nukes
US doctor infected with Ebola heading to Nebraska
There are now over 4268 Ebola cases, with over 2288 dead
Anxiety and sleeping pills linked to Alzheimers disease: benzodiazepine use for three months or more was linked to an increased risk (up to 51%) of dementia.
ISIS declares war on Twitter: Terror group warns employees they will be assassinated for closing down Islamist propaganda accounts
David Attenborough to return for new BBC series about Great Barrier Reef
Ukraine says Russia withdrawing forces from east, sees boost for peace
Suicide has claimed more than one million lives over the past 20 years in Russia
Digital mapping uncovers super henge that dwarfed Stonehenge
Putin sacks governor for rally against Russian invasion of Ukraine
British-Iranian woman imprisoned for two months for trying to watch volleyball game in Tehran
Saudi anti-Christian sweep prompts calls for US involvement. The West should demand that its strategic ally, Saudi Arabia, release the Christians at once and allow them to pray according to their own faith traditions.
Ebola outbreak threatens Liberias national existence
President Vladimir Putin on Wednesday accused Western countries of creating the Ukrainian crisis and using it to revive NATO.
Cameron Tells Scotland There Will Be No Going Back
Nato expansion unlikely before late 2015, Finland and Sweden could walk in within a week
Nurse who survived Ebola returning to fight Ebola in Sierra Leone
A snail once thought to have been among the first species to go extinct because of climate change has reappeared in the wild.
As climate change debate heats up, UN experts warn we are running out of time We know without any doubt that our climate is changing and our weather is becoming more extreme due to human activities such as the burning of fossil fuels, World Meteorological Organization Secretary-General said
ISIS Forms All-Female Al-Khansaa Brigade To Hunt Down Spies Disguised As Women In Burqas
Bill &amp; Melinda Gates Foundation pledges $50 million to support emergency efforts to contain Ebola epidemic
Video shows Islamic Jihad digging new Gaza tunnels
5 million compromised Google accounts leaked
Some of the worlds biggest banks have gone on red alert on the increased chance that Scotland might secede from the United Kingdom
More young people in Spain are NEETs (Not in Education, Employment or Training) than anywhere else in the EU, with graduate unemployment also tripling the OECD average.
Venezuelas inflation rises to 63.4%
China tells Dalai Lama again to respect reincarnation
Former Auschwitz guard, 93, charged with accessory to 300,000 murders in Germany
Edward Snowden: If you live in New Zealand you are being watched | The first of the documents have landed on the website of Greenwald
Gaza landlords refusing to rent to Hamas, official says
WikiLeaks releases previously unseen information on FinFisher (formerly part of the UK based Gamma Group International until late 2013), a company which produced weaponised surveillance malware used by intelligence agencies around the world to spy on journalists, political dissidents and others.
27 Christians in Saudi Arabia Arrested for Using House As a Church
2 young British tourists found murdered - stripped naked and bloodied - at beach on Thai island of Koh Tao
Mass murder reported off Malta, 500 drowned
Russia concerned about rights of Russian speakers in the Baltics
NATO countries have begun arms deliveries to Ukraine: defense minister
The Chinese sturgeon, thought to have existed for more than 140 million years, is now on the brink of extinction. No wild sturgeon reproduced naturally last year in the Yangtze river, according to local media. It was the first time since researchers began recording levels 32 years ago.
The joint military exercises of Ukraine and NATO begin today.
Germans will soon be getting 30 percent of their power from renewable energy sources, by far the largest industrial power to reach that level in the modern era.
Swedish Prime Minister Frederik Reinfeldt concedes defeat
WikiLeaks has today released parts of the FinFisher surveillance suite, as well as a customer list that it claims includes the police forces of the Netherlands and New South Wales, and the intelligence arms of the Hungarian, Qatari, Italian, and Bosnian governments
Ukraine Authorities Raid Newspaper Offices in Kiev
WikiLeaks: Australian Police use hacking software to spy on computers and smartphones
Russia to provide military, other assistance to Iraq, Syria in combating terrorism
NATO Countries Have Begun Arms Deliveries to Ukraine
Al Qaeda group in India on first mission mistakenly attacks a Pakistani Navy frigate instead of a US aircraft carrier
Scotlands referendum: the no is winning
The Queen hopes Scots will think very carefully before voting in the independence referendum - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk
Russia creates emergency fund to deal with Western sanctions
New Zealand dismisses Snowdens claim it planned mass domestic spying
Russia testing Polish resolve with cut in gas supply: They are requesting the maximum, and we are only able to supply closer to the daily minimum says Gazprom spokesperson.
Germany and Turkey refuse to take part in bombing ISIS
Al-Qaeda appeals to Islamic State to release British hostage Alan Henning: Al-Qaeda believes Henning is an innocent aid volunteer who was genuinely trying to help suffering Muslims, and kidnapping him was a step too far
Five hundred people drowned off the coast of Malta last week after people traffickers deliberately sank their ship
A female member of Saudi Arabias National Society for Human Rights has reportedly been fined for driving herself to the hospital. When police pulled her over, Aliyah Al Farid said she had a medical emergency and there was no one available to drive her to the hospital so she took her husbands car.
Plans for a major rewriting of international tax rules unveiled on Tuesday could eliminate structures that have allowed companies like Google and Amazon to shave billions of dollars off their tax bills. The draft proposals announced have been agreed by all G20 members and OECD members ...
ISIS Bans Teaching Evolution In Schools
China creates cell phone lane for zombie pedestrians who want to text and walk
Ruble falls below .38 against the dollar for the first time in history.
Cell-Like Structure Found in Martian Meteorite
NASA: Hottest August Globally Since Records Began in 1880 - Last month was the warmest August globally since records began being kept in 1880, NASA reported Monday. The globe just keeps warming.
NASA Unveils Worlds Largest Welder to Build New Mega-Rocket
Study: 40% of European Jews hide their religion
Ebola crisis: Obama administration to ask Congress for $1 billion to fight outbreak, sources say
14 year old Arab Israeli murdered in honor killing in Upper Galilee village.
Fixing Climate Change May Add No Costs, Report Says: When the secondary benefits of greener policies  like lower fuel costs, fewer premature deaths from air pollution and reduced medical bills  are taken into account, the changes might wind up saving money
Japan: Solar Islands Replace Nuclear Power
U.S. Hits ISIS Position Near Baghdad in New Phase of Strikes
Almost half of Chinas wealthy are considering relocating to North America or Europe within the next five years to find better education and job opportunities for their children
Soldiers Killed in Suicide Attack at U.S. Base in Kabul
First dolphins of hunting season slaughtered in The Cove in Taiji, Japan
Ukraine rebels to get self-rule, amnesty
Millions of banknotes sent to Scotland in case Yes vote sparks run on ATMs
Turkey Is a Steady Source of ISIS Recruits
Passengers eject Pakistani politicians out of plane for causing delay
Belgian murderer Van Den Bleeken wins right to die - Unable to control his violent sexual urges, Frank Van Den Bleeken, who is 50, argued he would never be freed.
The Discovery of Mexicos First Coca Plantation Could Upend the Cocaine Business
Hepatitis C drug in India to cost 1% of the US price
German Muslim community announces protest against extremism in roughly 2,000 cities on Friday - We want to make clear that terrorists do not speak in the name of Islam. I am a Jew when synagogues are attacked. I am a Christian when Christians are persecuted for example in Iraq.
France switches to Arabic Daesh acronym for Islamic State I do not recommend using the term Islamic State because it blurs the lines between Islam, Muslims and Islamists. The Arabs call it Daesh and I will be calling them the Daesh cutthroats foreign Minister Laurent Fabius told journalists
France arrests 5 for belonging to a ring that recruits young women to join Islamic militants in Syria
Pope Assassination Imminent, Iraq Ambassador To Vatican Warns; What has been declared by the self-declared Islamic State is clear - they want to kill the Pope. The threats against the Pope are credible, Al Sadr said during an interview with Italian newspaper La Nazione
Boeing, SpaceX poised to build space taxis for NASA
BP caught using college tricks to cheat page count in court document.
Russian Travel Agencies Bankrupted as Demand Falls Up to 50%
Kurds retake Christian villages from Iraq jihadists: Kurdish peshmerga forces on Tuesday recaptured several Christian villages in northern Iraq in clashes with Islamic State jihadists
Islamist Rebels in Iraq Resorting to Chemical Weapons: At least 14 members of the Islamic State jihadist group were killed near Baghdad by a rocket that exploded as they were filling its warhead with chlorine gas, which the insurgents operating in Iraq appear to be seeking to weaponize
Soviet Monuments in Lithuania Spray-Painted in Ukraines National Colors
Gaza mortar shell lands in Israel for first time since war
Angry mob throw Ukraine MP into rubbish bin
Colossal squid weighing 350kg pulled from Antarctic
The UN says Brazil is now rich enough to feed itself
SHOE COMPANY: Our CEO Just Disappeared And Most Of The Money Is Gone
Pentagon: US ground troops may join Iraqis in combat against Isis
Russia Sending New Stealth Submarines to Crimea
7.1 earthquake strikes 21 miles off coast of Guam
As many as 36 children were on Tuesday night reported to have died excruciating deaths after receiving tainted measles vaccines under a United Nations-sponsored program in the rebel-held north of Syria
Ebola is NOT Likely to go airbourne, says a Scientific American article citing top experts.
Bill Clinton: Netanyahu not the guy to strike lasting Middle East peace deal. Former US president recorded going off-message in criticising the Israeli governments unwillingness to seek peace.
Russia, Egypt seal preliminary arms deal worth $3.5 billion
No court-martial for nurse who refused to give forced-feeding at Gitmo - A Navy commander has chosen not to court-martial a nurse who refused to conduct forced feedings of hunger strikers...
John Key says Edward Snowden may well be right about NSA spying on NZ
Police foiled plan by IS supporters in Australia to snatch a random member from the public, drape them in an IS flag, and behead them on camera
Angry passengers throw Pakistani politician off plane after getting stuck on tarmac waiting for him for two hours
North Korea Leads the World in Human Rights, Says Report by North Korea
Man from Texas arrested for trying to swim to North Korea because he wanted to meet Kim Jong-Un
Indian Army rushes 3 battalions to its borders as nearly 1,000 Chinese soldiers enter India.
The group of young Iranian men and women who released a YouTube video showing them dancing to pop star Pharrell Williams hit song Happy has been sentenced to six months in jail in addition to 91 lashes, their attorney is quoted as saying by the IranWire news agency.
BBC Crew Attacked and Beaten Up While in Southern Russia, Investigating Reports of Russian Servicemen killed in Ukraine
Voting begins in Scottish referendum
Liberal professor of islamic studies in Pakistan shot dead, was accused of being an apostate and issuing fatwas allowing muslim women to marry non-muslim men
Liberian ship docking in New Orleans reports several ill passengers. CDC to respond. All on board will be hospitalized.
Archbishop of Canterbury admits doubts about existence of God
Islamic State forces backed by tanks capture 16 Kurdish villages in Northern Syria
Venezuela on alert over mysterious, deadly disease
Nigeria has torture officers - Torture has become such an integral part of policing in Nigeria that many stations have an informal torture officer, Amnesty International says.
Russia: Free Syrian Army No Longer Exists; Rebels Are Coordinating With Terrorists
European Parliament calls Russia to release the abducted Estonian citizen immediately
ISIS release new video of British hostage.
The black market for Ebola survivors blood:Ebola has infected nearly 4,800 people. It has killed more than 2,400. And a black market for the blood of its survivors is emerging in the epicenter of the outbreak in West Africa, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
Al Qaeda Offshoot Says It Hijacked A Pakistani Navy Ship to Attack U.S. Vessels - gCaptain Maritime &amp; Offshore News
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford has malignant tumour: Doctor
Putin: My troops could reach Warsaw in two days (as well as Riga, Vilnius, Tallinn and Bucharest)
Kiev says Russia masses troops in Crimea on the border to Ukraine
NSA shared Americans private communications with Israel: Snowden
Hubble Discovers Supermassive Black Hole
Russia opens new airport on Japan-claimed Etorofu Island off Hokkaido
Scotland votes to remain in the U.K.
Bodies of 8 Ebola workers (including 3 journalists) found at the bottom of a latrine in Guniea after locals attacked them.
Polls close in Scotland - Results expected in hours
Russia calls foul over Scottish referendum
US Airstrike kills 40 Islamic State fighters
A Muslim academic has opened a gay-friendly mosque in South Africa, despite receiving death threats and fierce criticism from parts of the local Muslim community
45% of Russians Believe Shadowy Group Controls Humanity
After 5 years of painful austerity Irelands economy is the fastest growing in the EU at 7.7%
France Launches First Airstrikes against the Islamic State in Iraq
China insists wealthy countries should improve emission targets if a global pact on climate change is to be reached next year. A much-anticipated UN summit will be held in Paris aiming to produce most ambitious deal yet in fight against global warming.
Swedish airspace has been violated by Russian aircraft.
WHO: 700 new Ebola cases emerge in one week
Mysterious Millionaire Will Pay $30M to Know Who Exactly Shot Down MH17 - Bing News
Japan claims southern ocean whaling has led to 666 peer-reviewed papers, but international court says there are just 2
Iranian blogger found guilty of insulting Prophet Mohammad on Facebook sentenced to death
Archaeologists unearth hidden death chambers used to kill a quarter-million Jews at notorious camp ...the discoveries didnt end with the gas chambers. Thousands of items that belonged to those murdered were also left buried in a well the Germans had plugged.
Russia detains Lithuanian fishing vessel
Turkey opens borders to thousands of fleeing Syrian kurds. Refugee numbers are now over 1.5 million.
Iranians who YouTubed themselves dancing to Pharrells Happy sentenced to 91 lashes
Poland Wants United Nations to Limit Russias Influence
Russian stocks fall as economic concern mounts
British Fighter Jets Intercept Russian Planes
Scotland First Minister, Alex Salmond, to resign
Ebola Deaths Doubled in a Month, WHO Says
Turkey stops 3,000 Kurds from escaping Islamic State militants
Native tribes from the U.S. and Canada signed a treaty Tuesday establishing an inter-tribal alliance to restore bison to areas of the Rocky Mountains and Great Plains where millions of the animals once roamed.
Indias Mangalyaan has now successfully entered the Mars orbit.
A Nervous China Is Interested In A Possible Role In The Fight Against ISIS
China applauds Indias Mars mission as pride of Asia
Vatican arrests former archbishop on paedophilia charges
Canada formalizes joint space operations with Australia, U.S. and U.K.
South Australia commits to 50 percent renewable energy target by 2025
Nato has observed a significant withdrawal of Russian troops from eastern Ukraine.
Woman secretly films life under Isil in Raqqa, Syria
Kim Jong-un missing from public view (xpost /r/NorthKoreaNews)
400 ISIL militants killed in intl alliance attacks
Chinese radicals from Xinjiang join Islamic State
Europes Muslims stand up to IS: the continents Muslims are hitting back with mass peace demonstrations and a Twitter campaign to say not in my name
Brazil refuses to sign UN pledge to save the rainforests
Bin Ladens son-in-law sentenced to life in U.S. prison.
Elephant killings are now on an industrial scale in Mozambique
People worldwide think CEOs should make a tiny fraction of what they do
Journalist Michael Scott Moore Released in Somalia After Nearly Three Years as a Hostage
A university professor who has become the most visible advocate of peaceful resistance by ethnic Uighurs to Chinese government policies was sentenced to life in prison
500 Chinese Fishermen Shut Down a Shipyard to Protest Pollution, Though Protesting is Illegal
Rise of Islamic Schools Causes Alarm in Secular Turkey
The United States informed Iran in advance of its intention to strike Islamic State militants in Syria and told Tehran that it would not target the forces of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, a senior Iranian official told Reuters.
Turkish electric car travels 2,500 kilometers for only $17
Indias Mars mission set for attempt to enter orbit
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry urged North Korea Tuesday to close its secret prison camps: You should shut this evil system down.
Anil Agarwal, the billionaire founder of Vedanta Resources, said he &amp; his family decided to donate 75% of their wealth to charity after meeting Bill Gates, the worlds richest person What we earn must be returned for the greater good of society. Life is not only about wealth. the billionaire said
Obama declares worlds largest marine preserve. Measures almost 500,000 square miles, fishing, undersea mining, and other commercial activity will be banned in the protected area.
No One Has Seen North Koreas Leader In Three Weeks
Ultra-Orthodox Jews cause chaos on flight to Israel by demanding segregation of men and women
ISIS Overruns Iraqi Army Base Near Baghdad, Executes 300 Soldiers
China removes more than 100,000 phantom government officials who were paid but did no work
North Korean TV acknowledges leader Kim Jong Uns health problems
Russia Tells Iraq Its Ready to Support Fight Against ISIS
The discovery of a branched carbon molecule 27,000 light-years from Earth suggests the building blocks of life may be ubiquitous throughout the galaxy
Mars Rover finds Ball
Womens Rights Activist Executed by ISIS in Iraq
UN Climate Summit: A game-changer for global warming? When the family that built the very first multinational oil company says its time to get out of fossil fuels, this is an important moment,
China extends Japan a helping hand to resolve North Korea abductions: After the North backtracked on its promise to investigate within months the fate of Japanese abducted decades ago, an apparently impatient China said it would host a meeting next week between the two countries.
Man found with 51 Turtles stuffed in his pants.
Islamists Destroy 7th Century Church, Mosque in Tikrit, Iraq
More than 130 members of the Boko Haram terrorist group have surrendered to Nigerias military. Mohammed Bashir, a man who had posed as the groups leader Abubakar Shekau in numerous videos, has also been killed in clashes.
More Scandinavians joining Isis: The number of Europeans fighting for the Islamic State has increased dramatically in the past month with fears that Danes, Swedes and Norwegians are among them.
Italy seizes assets of Putin ally and judo partner Rotenberg worth 30 million euros, including a hotel in the centre of Rome
Russian draft law would allow seizure of foreign property
Earliest Sign of Human Habitation in Canada May have been Found - Possible 13,800-yr-old fishing weir found in ocean near B.C.s Haida Gwaii islands
Hungary Suspends Gas Supplies to Ukraine Indefinitely - Ukraine has been receiving gas from Hungary, Poland &amp; Slovakia since Russia cut off supplies to Ukraine in June in a dispute over unpaid bills
Incest Is Taboo but Shouldnt Be Illegal, German Experts Say
Canadian teacher suspended for slapping Im gay sticker on student
Sierra Leone quarantines 2 million to fight Ebola
Argentina uses drones to root out wealthy tax evaders - Drones deployed by tax inspectors near Buenos Aires found 200 mansions and 100 swimming pools that hadnt been declared
Turkish President Erdogan: I am increasingly against the internet every day
Former Top Official Says Kim Jong-un Is No Longer in Control of North Korea.
Russia adds 243 nuclear warheads to northern fleet near Norwegian border.
Oslo Pulls Bid for 2022 Olympics. IOC Outraged.
Pro-Beijing protestors encircle, attack protestors in Hong Kong.
Pope Francis Favored to Win Nobel Peace Prize for Poverty Focus
LIVE: Police struggle to keep order as street fights break out in Mong Kok -- ...Several hundred anti-Occupy Central protesters broke through police lines and started smashing up protest tents and attacking students...
Turkey OKs military hits on ISIS
Hackers are using Reddit to control 17,000 Apple computers
North Korea capital under lockdown amid rumours of threat to Kim Jong-un
NBC News Freelancer in Africa Diagnosed with Ebola
Canada Is The Only UN Member To Reject Landmark Indigenous Rights Document
Archived samples of HIVs genetic code have traced the origin of the Aids pandemic to the 1920s in the city of Kinshasa, in what is now the Democratic Republic of Congo, scientists say
ISIS beheads two of its own fighters
Catalan government says it will hold vote for independence from Spain on November 9
Judge rejects White House plea to keep Guantanamo force feeding hearings secret
After political dispute with Russia, Canadian satellite to be launched by India
Estonia arrests former KGB officers
Argentinas President Cristina Kirchner charged in an emotional address that domestic and US interests were pushing to topple her government, and could even kill her.
Mysterious outbreak of hemorrhagic fever syndrome in Venezuela kills ten
BBC News - Japan stocks rattled by $617bn fat finger trading error
Anti-ageing drugs may have been developed - Biomedical science is evolving at an unprecedented rate, and a raft of modern drugs and technologies appear as though they may be capable of extending human life by 10 years.
US criticises Israel over settlements; Washington says the move will distance Israel from even its closest allies
British parliament to vote on recognizing Palestinian state
JPMorgan hacked: Personal information of 83 million customers exposed in cyber attack
North Korea acknowledges reform camps for first time - AP
I touched my face with gloves: nurse with Ebola
Burned bodies of 28 Mexican teaching students pulled from mass graves: Forty-three students went missing September 26 after they were attacked by police while commandeering buses to take them to a demonstration against cuts in funding for their school.
Ugandan MP says Uganda is losing the fight against AIDS because condoms are too small for Ugandan men
Japan and the United States are revising their mutual defense guidelines for the first time in nearly two decades to respond to Chinas military expansion and increase Japans role in regional defense.
ISIS is Cutting Off Water to Uncooperative Villages - In parched Syria &amp; Iraq, water is a weapon
India strikes 37 Pakistani outposts, kills 15 in a severe escalation of hostilities along the border
Russias finance minister has said that the country could no longer afford a multi-billion-dollar revamp of the armed forces approved by President Vladimir Putin, stepping up a campaign to trim spending as sanctions over the Ukraine crisis bite.
Banker admits Libor fraud conspiracy. A senior banker from a UK bank has admitted conspiring to defraud over manipulating the Libor lending rate.
US Air Force fighter jet crashes in UK during exercise
ISIS document discloses plans to seize Irans nuclear secrets
Spanish Ebola nurse reported symptoms many times before being quarantined: Teresa Romero Ramos says when she first told health authorities of her symptoms she was given only paracetamol
Hackers are stealing millions from ATM worldwide using a new malware called as Tyupkin. This malware, which once installed on an ATM, allows the criminals to steal huge amounts of money by simply entering a series of codes
Turkish Inaction on ISIS Advance Dismays the U.S.
Russians attacked in Moscow for wearing Western symbols
UN official statement The world, all of us, will regret deeply if ISIS is able to take over a city which has defended itself with courage but is close to not being able to do so. We need to act now
Chiles Supreme court on Tuesday suspended the development of El Morro mine owned by Canadas Goldcorp after siding with indigenous groups that oppose it on environmental grounds
The UK parliament will be voting on a motion to recognise the state of Palestine alongside the state of Israel on 13 October.
Demonstrations break out across Iran in support of Kobani Kurds. Iran op-ed calls for Qods Force commander, Qassem Soleimani, to intervene to defend Kobani
Syria admits it has four more chemical weapons plants, says UN official. The disclosure heightens fears Damascus has not been open about its programme and that extremist groups could seize lethal chemicals
Spanish Ebola case: I am due to treat the patient. But I have no idea what to do
Islamic State terror group identified its next target, a former U.S. Army Ranger who was captured in Lebanon last year during a relief mission to help Syrian refugees.
News - Islamic State group flier claims responsibility for Gaza terror attack
Canadian Parliament officially approves airstrikes against ISIS.
Canadian-made Ebola vaccine moving ahead to trial stage
Nearly 500 new female genital mutilation cases identified in England last month.
Lithuania to ban sale of energy drinks to minors. WHO said Lithuania will prove to be an example for all other European Countries.
Britain may use a mediaeval law dating to 1351 to charge citizens with treason if they go to fight with Islamic State insurgents in Iraq and Syria, Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said.
Giant inflatable sex toy sculpture in Paris is meant to be a Christmas tree
In a decision that could mark the end of Europes most violent neo-Nazi force, a Greek prosecutor has demanded that Golden Dawns entire parliamentary group stand trial for criminal offences
Jamaica imposes ban on travelers from Ebola-stricken countries
Colombia cancels flights from West Africa because of Ebola
Only 12% of drone victims in Pakistan identified as militants: report
Full horror of the Yazidis who didnt escape Mount Sinjar: UN confirms 5,000 men were executed and 7,000 women are now kept as sex slaves
Russian HIV vaccine ready for phase two clinical trials
Glenn Greenwald: UN Report Finds Mass Surveillance Violates International Treaties and Privacy Rights
For the first time in its 500-year history, visitors will see the Sistine Chapel ceiling by Michelangelo in full color. Starting this month, the Vatican is installing 7,000 LEDs to more vibrantly, fully and accurately illuminate the space than ever before.
Nigeria and Boko Haram agree ceasefire and are releasing the kidnapped school girls
NZ is now in the UN Security Council
Spanish authorities reported four new patients with suspected Ebola symptoms on Thursday, including a feverish passenger who started shaking on an Air France flight to Madrid and a Spanish priest who had recently been in Liberia.
BBC to publish Google right to be forgotten removals list
Dark matter may have been detected streaming from the suns core
ISIS captured 3 Syrian fighter planes
NASAs Hubble Finds Extremely Distant Galaxy through Cosmic Magnifying Glass
Pakistan court upholds blasphemy death sentence of a Christian woman
Crimeans given three months to voluntarily hand in banned literature [TRANSLATION]
Police launch dawn raid to clear Hong Kong protest zone
Russian Defense Budget to Hit Record $81 Billion in 2015
U.S. Calls for Probe Into Beating of Political Activist by Hong Kong Police-- In the video, Tsang is arrested before being taken around a corner and beaten while on the ground with his hands bound by a plastic tie.
Russia And China Want To Build The Longest High-Speed Railway In The World To Connect Them
WHO Declares Nigeria Ebola-Free After 42 Days With No Cases
Pacific islanders on canoes blockade Australia coal export terminal saying fossil fuels are contributing to rising sea levels that threaten their countries very existence
Israeli President Rivlin: Time to admit that Israel is a sick society that needs treatment
Jack the Ripper: Scientists who claims to have identified notorious killer has made serious DNA error
Britain is on the brink of becoming a nation permanently divided between rich and poor, poverty commission warns
Press TV reporter killed in suspicious car accident in Turkey  3 days ago Turkish intelligence agency had accused her of spying
Spanish nurse who became first person to contract Ebola outside Africa tests negative for the virus
Paris opera ejects woman in Muslim veil after cast refuses to sing
Japan not ready for invasion of redbacks as venomous Australian spiders reach Tokyo
U.S. tug boat rescues drifting Russian cargo ship, ending fears of an oil spill off the B.C. coast
Police move to clear Occupy protesters from Parliament Square
Canada develops ebola vaccine that is effective on animals - 800 vials of the vaccine are being shipped to the WHO for further testing
Mass surveillance of the internet by intelligence agencies is corrosive of online privacy and threatens to undermine international law, according to a report to the United Nations general assembly.
Hamas claims it is rebuilding infiltration tunnels into Israel
Confirmed: Israel to Supply Gas to Egypt in $4 Billion Deal
Ebola: Liberias President writes moving letter to the world
India set to become $2 trillion economy this year
US airdrops arms and supplies to Kurdish opposition fighters in Syrian town of Kobani
Amazon deforestation picking up pace, satellite data reveals | Data indicates 190% rise in land clearance in August and September compared with same period last year
Fire exposes illegal Chinese factories in Italy
Islamic State: Turkey to let Iraq Kurds join Kobane fight
McDonalds Says Russia Inspecting More Than 200 Outlets
Swedish Navys Rear Adm. Anders Grenstad said it had no information about any emergency messages suggesting a Russian mini-submarine had run into trouble in Swedish waters
Poll: 75% of Israeli Jews oppose Palestinian state on 67 lines
Priests race to save manuscripts from jihadists in Iraq
Australian Whistleblower who leaked a secret scholarship for Tony Abbotts daughter to be sentenced this week
Hong Kong has too many poor people to allow direct elections, leader says
World-First, FDA-Approved, Embryonic Stem Cell Clinical Trial for Diabetes is Launched, After Diabetes is Cured in Mice.
Oscar Pistorius receives a prison sentence of 5 years for the culpable homicide of Reeva Steenkamp
Paralysed man walks again after cell transplant - Geoff Raisman said: It would be my proudest boast if I could say that no patient had had to pay one penny for any of the information we have found.
2 Biggest Tuna Fish Brands in UK Backtracking on Commitments - Leaked documents show theyre likely to opt out of commitments to end FAD fishing methods. Thats unacceptable. Its a truly devastating method of catching tuna. It catches a huge array of species, including sharks, rays &amp; turtles.
Sweden ready to use force to surface sub
Man stones daughter to death in Daesh video
CEO of oil giant TOTAL dies in crash of private jet at take off in Moscow
Putin offered to divide Ukraine with Poland - Polish ex-minister
The $103 million taxpayer funding of New Zealands intelligence agencies is effectively a membership fee for joining the Five Eyes surveillance club with the United States, United Kingdom, Australia and Canada, according to a de-classified report.
Opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has hit an all-time high despite years of counter-narcotics efforts that have cost the US $7.6bn
Former Australian PM Gough Whitlam who brought in sweeping changes that transformed Australia has died at age 98
Russia Prepares for Ice-Cold War with Show of Military Force in the Arctic - Vladimir Putin sends troops &amp; jets to oil &amp; gas-rich region coveted by Canada, US, Norway &amp; Denmark
The Ukrainian Army appears to have fired cluster munitions on several occasions into the heart of Donetsk, unleashing a weapon banned in much of the world into a rebel-held city with a peacetime population of more than one million
Poorly paid Nepalese porters found frozen in flip flops and trainers
Japanese man gets 2 year sentence for making guns using 3-D printer
UK wind industry sets new generation record as it nears 25 per cent power share - wind power outperformed nuclear power throughout the whole weekend and into Monday morning, and allowed a number of coal power plants to be taken offline.
John Kerry praises Cuban role in Ebola fight
Russia Wont Accept Terms to End Sanctions Over Ukraine
Russian artist cuts off earlobe in protest at use of forced psychiatry on dissidents
Known terror suspect in Canada runs over two soldiers; is gunned down by police
Palestinians file UN complaint accusing settler of killing schoolgirl
Swedens Second AP Fund has just divested $116 million from oil, coal and gas companies - the first national pension fund in the world to do so
South Sudan sexual violence rampant, two-year-old raped: U.N.
We are a proud democracy, a welcoming and peaceful nation, and a country of open arms and open hearts. We are a nation of fairness, justice and the rule of law. We will not be intimidated into changing that. - Justin Trudeau - Canadian MP
North Korea has banned all tourism in the country in fear of Ebola outbreak
Canada will never be intimidated, PM Stephen Harper addressed the Nation.
Former Blackwater guards found guilty in 2007 shootings of Iraqis
Suspected gunman in downtown Halifax, Canada. Schools and businesses on lockdown.
A Saudi court has sentenced 13 people to prison for plotting an attack against U.S. forces.
Artifacts Dating Back Thousands of Yrs Destroyed by ISIS Militants in Iraq - What it hasnt destroyed, ISIS is selling on black market. 1000s of yrs before birth of Christ, people of Mesopotamia mastered 1st writing system, mathematics, astronomy, literature &amp; law.
Mexican Prosecutor Says Mayor, Wife Ordered Attack on Students
Ottawa shooting: Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers hailed a hero for shooting rampaging gunman
China furious after Kenny G appears to back Hong Kong protesters
Iran, Russia create joint operations headquarters to fight the Islamic State
Mexicos government has ordered the arrest of the mayor of the southern town of Iguala, where six people died and 43 students disappeared after clashing with local police last month.
South Sudan women suggest sex strike to end civil war
Fighters scrambled as Russian spy plane violates Estonian air space
Senior Al-Qaeda jihadist urges ISIS to free U.S. hostage who gave him medical treatment
Chinas coal use is actually dropping for the first time this century
Facebook paid no UK corporation tax for the second year in a row in 2013, while employees received shares in the company worth tens of millions of pounds.
Hamas, Islamic Jihad salute Jerusalem terror attack
US condemns despicable Jerusalem terror attack that killed baby, injured 7 others
Saudi kings nephew admits to Riyadh support for ISIL
U.N. rights watchdog calls for open elections in Hong Kong
Boeing sells first parts to Iran since 1979
Spanish Woman Who Beat Ebola Mourns for Her Slain Dog
Human Rights Watch releases fresh report detailing the Exploitation of Female Migrant Domestic Workers in the United Arab Emirates. With no labor law protections for domestic workers, employers can, and many do, overwork, underpay, and abuse these women.
Denmark provides an additional 10 million kroner, overall reaching 74 million kroner donated to the ongoing Ebola crisis in west Africa
U.S. threatens sanctions on buyers of ISIS oil
Canada attack not linked to IS
Poll: 74 percent of Denmarks citizens want to outlaw circumcision
Worlds Longest Snake Has Virgin Birth1st Recorded in Species - We didnt know what we were seeing. We had attributed it to stored sperm. I guess sometimes truth is stranger than fiction.
Lebanese MP Nicolas Fattoush repeatedly punches office worker, in front of many witnesses, after she refuses to let him jump a queue. He is being allowed to keep his job and no charges are to be brought.
Since church ministers declared Ebola was a plague sent by God to punish sodomy in Liberia, the violence towards gays has escalated. Theyre even asking for the death penalty. Were living in fear,
Sixty more women and girls reported kidnapped in Nigeria
Canada to toughen terror laws
Poland bans junk food in schools
A 45,000-year-old leg bone from Siberia has yielded the oldest genome sequence for Homo sapiens on record  revealing a mysterious population that may once have spanned northern Asia.
Russian President Vladimir Putin criticised on Friday what he called the United States unilateral diktat in global affairs and said the so-called winners of the Cold War wanted a new world order that suited only them.
Microsoft Co-founder Paul Allen Donates $100M to Fight Raging Ebola Epidemic -- Paul Allen one-upped his good friend, co-founder and former CEO Bill Gates, with an even bigger donation
The largest city in Brazil is running dangerously low on water
Drug mule left to die in airport over Ebola fears
UK computer users who damage national security could face jail - Govt. plan for computer users deemed to have damaged national security, human welfare, the economy or the environment to face a life sentence has been criticised by experts who warn it could be used to target legitimate whistleblowers
Canadian Broadcasting Corporation stonewalled Snowden story, says Greenwald
ISIS School of Jihad trains small children how to behead, torture and use AK-47s
Russian president Vladimir Putin says West to blame for Ukraine crisis, US trying to remake the whole world
Heavy clashes between the Syrian Army and the Islamic State resulted in a defeat for the Islamic State in Eastern Reef Homs and the Syrian Army took over an Oil well
World-first dead heart transplant at Sydneys St Vincents Hospital a game changer
Muslim groups fear angry response from Canadian public
China Launches First Privately Funded Moon Mission Today
Vitaly Churkin, Russias Permanent Representative to the United Nations has announced that Russia will back a resolution calling for a Palestinian state, if one is presented.
Russia still has troops in Ukraine, NATO says
Queensland government passes legislation that will see people who attack nurses, doctors, and paramedics face a 14 year jail term
Protest against the worlds first internet tax in Hungary
A disabled 12 year-old girl in the UK has been allowed to die after a court case fought by her parents made legal history
Oil price will fall to $70 a barrel in 2015, Goldman Sachs says
4 Banks, Including JPMorgan, Fined in Europe Over Cartel Behavior
Last US Marines, British combat forces officially end operations in Afghanistan after 13 years
The federal government is shamelessly exploiting last weeks extremist attacks to dismantle liberties and core principles of justice, says journalist Glenn Greenwald.
Harper Named Worlds Worst Climate Villain After Damning Report
Police cars overturned, Water-cannon used as 5000 Anti-Islamic Rioters take to Central Cologne
German spies warn ISIS has anti-aircraft rockets to shoot down passenger jets
Embedding Is Not Copyright Infringement, EU Court Rules - The Court ruled that embedding copyrighted videos is not copyright infringement, even if the source video was uploaded without permission.
The Vatican is digitizing thousands of its rarest texts | News
Tesla boss Elon Musk warns artificial intelligence development is summoning the demon
Rwanda bans BBC over genocide film
Australian teenager in ISIL video an idiot, says family
New blotter test can spot Ebola in 30 minutes
Dilma Rousseff re-elected Brazils president
Lithuanias first floating LNG terminal breaks Russian monopoly
Japan vows to continue its whaling program, despite an international ruling ordering it to stop
Israel okays over 1000 new settler units
Iranian President Rouhani says most severe punishment awaits perpetrators of acid attacks against Iranian women as government appoints probe chief to lead investigation
Woman beheaded for killing ISIS member who attempted to rape her
Belarus Wants to Criminalize Unemployment
A 20-year old Spanish kid pretended to be a government official, infiltrated the Spanish political elite.
Israeli president calls 1956 massacre of Arabs a terrible crime
Pro-Democracy Movements Vote in Hong Kong Abruptly Called Off
Nobel Peace Prize Winners Want Barack Obama to Release Torture Report
Heroin use is so high in Myanmar that syringes now serve as currency  Along parts of the Myanmar-China border, where heroin addiction is appallingly common, fresh needles are now so coveted that shopkeepers dispense them as change.
Pope says evolution doesnt mean theres no God; In an address to the Pontifical Academy of Sciences, the Pope explains that God is not some sort of wizard.
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un Purges 10 Officials From His Ruling Workers Party for Watching South Korean Soap Operas, Yonhap Says
90% of journalists murderers across the world get away with it - report
ANYONE who forces a child to wear a burqa in public could be jailed for a year and fined $68,000, under a draft law to be introduced by Jacqui Lambie.
Mexico unearths second mass grave
US banks vow not to fund Great Barrier Reef coal port - US banking giants Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, &amp; JPMorgan Chase are latest big financiers to rule out funding a major coal port expansion in Queensland, activists say
Five-year-olds learn coding as Britain eyes digital future
Nigeria sues Coca-Cola for half-filled cans
In historic Ukraine election, the Communist Party fails to gain a single Parliament seat
Japanese scientists warn that volcano near a nuclear power plant is ready to erupt
Irish politician to take abortion pill in Dublin in defiance of Republics ban
U.S. says Israels decision to push forward housing plan in East Jerusalem is incompatible with peace EU says future ties with Israel hinge on engagement to peace based on two states
Russia to recognize election results of separatist Ukraine regions
Ethiopia ruthlessly targeting and torturing Oromo people, says Amnesty | Damning report says thousands of people from countrys largest ethnic group subjected to abuse including rape and killings
1,800 radical German Muslims now in Syria, Iraq
Three lawyers in Saudi Arabia have been handed prison sentences of up to eight years for criticizing the countrys judiciary on social media.
Netanyahu: Israel will build in all of Jerusalem
Protection plan will not save Great Barrier Reef
John Tory elected as Torontos new mayor, replacing Rob Ford
U.S. and Israeli defense chiefs agree on deal for second F-35 squadron
Claims emerge of secret sex room at top Jakarta school
Lloyds Bank confirms 9,000 job losses and branch closures
4 Banks, Including JPMorgan, Fined in Europe Over Cartel Behavior
Amelia Earhart Plane Fragment Identified
Pirate Bay founder Gottfrid Svartholm Found Guilty in Hacking Trial
Canadian Politician, Thomas Mulcair: Shooter was a criminal, not a terrorist.
Number of global billionaires has doubled since the financial crisis.
NATO Intercepted 19 Russian Military Aircraft Today
DETAILS of every phone call, email and internet page visited in Australia will be stored for at least two years under the Federal Governments next round of counter-terror laws.
BBC refuses to include Green party in general election TV leader debates | Politics
Finland flies alongside NATO missions to intercept Russian jets
Allegations of mass SAT cheating delay test scores in China and South Korea, a year and a half after the College Board canceled a scheduled exam in South Korea because of allegations of widespread cheating
Ebola jumps to 13,703 cases. 30% increase in 4 days says WHO.
Drones Spotted Over 7 French Nuclear Sites, Says EDF - Drone activity was detected at 4 sites on the same day Oct 19.
Turkish president Erdogan unveils his new palace of a thousand rooms
Brazil-to-Portugal Cable Shapes Up as Anti-NSA Case Study: The Telebras-planned cable, which will run 3,500 miles from the Brazilian city of Fortaleza to Portugal, shows how losses to U.S. technology companies from the NSA disclosures are now crystallizing.
India plans second Mars mission in 2018
US official calls Netanyahu chickenshit; Israeli lawmaker calls US a third world country
ISIS executes 50 local tribal leaders who had allied with the Iraqi government and were helping to organise anti-ISIS operations
UN condemns Israeli settlement expansion
Volkswagen to launch over 20 green vehicle models in China by 2018. China has set a target of putting 5 million green vehicles on roads by 2020
A Syrian army helicopter dropped two barrel bombs on a refugee camp in the northern province of Idlib, residents say, with footage posted on YouTube showing charred and dismembered bodies of women, children and burning tents while people scrambled to save the wounded.
Syrian army helicopter drops two barrel bombs in massacre of refugees
ISIS Executed 600 Inmates From a Prison Outside Mosul
China to Invest $1 Billion in Russian Solar Energy
Poland to Shift Thousands of Troops to Eastern Borders
Apple unable to use iWatch name due to Irish trademark.
Ottawa shooting not terrorism, says (Opposition Leader) Thomas Mulcair
Hungary internet tax cancelled after mass protests
Indian government bars first class travel, five-star hotel meetings for bureaucrats and have been asked to use video-conferencing instead to reduce expenditure on them
For 3 days starting in 1 week, 8,000 glowing balloons are being installed across 10 miles of Berlin - these floating orbs will follow the former path of the Berlin Wall, commemorating the 25th anniversary of its fall.
Eleven countries studied, one inescapable conclusion  the drug laws dont work
A Russian action film star is in hot water after he was caught on film wearing press gear while firing a machine gun toward Ukrainian lines with Moscow-backed rebels at Donetsk airport
Israel foreign minister says sweden should understand that the middle east is more complicated that ikea furniture
Report: Child sexual exploitation now a social norm in parts of Greater Manchester
Hundreds of Iraqi tribesmen opposed to Islamic State found in mass graves
Russia simulated an attack on Denmark
Israeli authorities say they have decided to reopen the Al Alqsa Mosque for Muslim worshippers on Friday.
Egypt clears a neighborhood to create a buffer with Gaza
The Islamic State group is conducting a purge, killing dozens of former policemen and soldiers living in areas of Iraq under its control, in a campaign apparently aimed at preventing any uprising against its extremist rule.
UK lawmakers debate drug policy as study backs decriminalization: crime prevention minister Norman Baker agreed that a new approach is needed to combating drug: I think the evidence personally is so overwhelming that the present status quo is not tenable.
Israel recalls Sweden ambassador in protest of Palestine recognition
US Military Sets New Record for Worlds Fastest Microchip
700-year-old zombie virus shows climate change could unleash ancient diseases
Islamic State militants drove 600 Shia, Christian, and Yazidi male prisoners into the desert, and executed them at point blank range.
Scary clown craze hits Spanish city
Middle East Goes Monty Python on ISIS: Arab standup comics, and even an Iraqi TV show, regularly mock ISIS mercilessly. It might get them killed, but it might be worth it.
Ozone hole layer remains size of North America, Nasa data shows
Spanish lawmakers annoyed Google on Thursday by passing a law that allows media organisations to charge the Internet giant for the right to reproduce their news content
Burkina Fasos president declares state of emergency amid violent protests at his bid to extend his 27-year rule
50 nations, including China and US, back Modis call for International Yoga Day
China to send elite army unit to help fight Ebola in Liberia
Regreening Program to Restore 1/6 of Ethiopias Land - Tree &amp; shrub-planting program has transformed degraded &amp; deforested land across Africa, with Ethiopia planning to restore a further 15m hectares by 2030
New Zealand MP demoted after suggesting homeopathy use in Ebola fight
France Just Fired The Guy In Charge Of Selling Warships To Russia
The last Pirate Bay founder has finally been caught and arrested
Coal is the future, insists Australian PM Tony Abbott as UN calls for action on climate change
Brazil Building Internet Cable to Portugal to Avoid NSA Surveillance
Top politicians wore feminist T-shirts made by women making less than $1 an hour
Police arrest fugitive mayor of Mexican town where 43 students went missing in September, media reports say.
Canadian dollar sinks below 88 cents as Saudis cut oil to $77
The leader of the World Health Organization criticized the drug industry on Monday, saying that the drive for profit was one reason no vaccine had yet been found for Ebola.
South Korean automakers Hyundai &amp; Kia will pay largest fine in US Clean Air Act history because nearly 1.2 million vehicles sold will emit 4.75 million metric tons more greenhouse gases than companies certified to the Environmental Protection Agency.
Men find King Thutmosis IIIs 3,400-yr-old temple under their house in Cairo - Finds include 7 tablets, pink granite column bases &amp; pink granite statue.
Nasrallah: You will be forced to close your ports; our missiles will reach every inch of Israel
Privacy not an absolute right, says GCHQ director
China unveils drone-fighting laser cannons
Russia has failed to show up at meeting planning the 2016 Nuclear Security Summit, U.S and European officials said
Pakistan using militants as proxies to counter superior Indian Army: Pentagon
US expresses unequivocal opposition to new east Jerusalem housing plans
ISIL reaches Egypt as most powerful militant group in the country pledges allegiance to the Islamic State
Petrodollars leave world markets for first time in 18 years
Hezbollah Fully Ready for Israel Fight in Southern Lebanon Despite Syrian War.
Israel to reopen Gaza border crossings this morning - Egyptian crossings remain closed
Brent crude tumbles as Saudi escalates Opec oil price war - Saudi Arabia slashes oil contract price to US, sending crude traded in London sharply lower
Venezuela, with worlds largest reserves, imports oil for the first time
In Russia, an attempt to build its own Silicon Valley on the Moskva River
Gunmen killed a Mexican general sent by the government to tame violence in a northern state plagued by drug cartel crimes along the US border
Guam Legalizes Medical Marijuana! 66.42% of voters choose Yes to Proposal 14A.
Mass Rape of 200 in North Darfur
Canadian hospital, sick of US test monopoly, sues to stop gene patents
Libyan Troops Go Wild in England, raping one man and assaulting strangers in Cambridge
Tony Abbott was booed as he arrives at the Great Australian PM Gough Whitlam memorial service
More than 40% of Chinas arable land has degraded, making it difficult to feed the worlds largest population
Virgin Galactic SpaceShipTwos surviving pilot managed to parachute from 50,000 feet without an oxygen mask
University students in Mexico are holding a 72-hour nationwide strike in support of the 43 trainee teachers who disappeared in Guerrero on Sept. 26th
A Christian University in Korea Declares No Job for Homosexuals.
Sir Richard Branson: My family and I will be the first to fly into space
Driver plows into Jerusalem crowd in suspected terror attack
Lion falls in to 60-foot-deep well in India, gets rescued by local authorities
Islamic State uses women to lure European Muslims with promise of utopia -report
Foetal Damage Caused by Alcohol Equivalent to Attempted Manslaughter - Lawyers say mothers heavy drinking while pregnant constitutes crime of poisoning
A German rapper-turned-jihadist has been identified in a video made by the Islamic State. - he is seen holding a severed head and explaining in German that the victims had fought against IS and thats why they received the death penalty.
Canadas ISIS bomb attack destroyed heavy engineering equipment that was being used to divert the Euphrates River
Kerry: U.S., China should set example by agreeing on climate goals - The United States and China, the worlds largest carbon emitters, have an opportunity to agree on ambitious targets to reduce climate-warming gas emissions and set the stage for a global deal
Ireland set to become fastest-growing EU economy
Immigration from outside Europe cost 120 billion
Pollution halves Indias potential grain yield: Study. Up to 90% of the decrease in potential food production seems to be linked to smog, a mix of black carbon and other pollutants, the study said.
Bank of Canada to Canadian youth: Work for free
ISIS Militant Who Pledged to Chop Off The Heads Of The Americans Killed In Syria
Arab Israeli Citizen Joins ISIS, Jailed For 22 Months For Threat To Israels Security Upon Return
Ruble tumbles as Russia limits currency controls
Israeli minister: If Hezbollah fires rockets at Israel, Lebanon will be razed
Pepsi, IKEA, FedEx and 340 other international companies have secured secret deals from Luxembourg, allowing many of them to slash their global tax bills while maintaining little presence in the tiny European duchy, leaked documents show. Companies saved billions of dollars in taxes.
A Japanese court ordered a restaurant to pay more than half a million dollars damages to the family of a man who killed himself after being forced to work nearly 200 hours overtime a month.
Japan beats Scotland to win worlds best whiskey title
Secret file may be opened, revealing identity of paedophiles at the heart of the British establishment
Scotland Produced Enough Wind Energy In October To Power Every Home. Wind turbines generated enough electricity in October to power 3,045,000 homes in the U.K.  more than enough for all the homes in Scotland.
Chinese Presidents delegation buys large amounts of illegal ivory during Africa visit
Chinese demand for ivory is devastating Tanzanias elephant population | Chinese criminal gangs are causing Tanzania to lose more elephants to poaching than any other African country, says a report by the Environmental Investigation Agency
Hungary intercepts Dutch girl, 16, on way to join ISIS
Ukraine Prepares for War -- Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists have been mobilizing troops and weapons for another round of vicious fighting as the cease-fire fails
Norway says terror attack likely as result of joining U.S.-led alliance
Canada: Conservatives propose increasing legal marriage age to 16, say it will keep barbaric cultural practices out of Canada
Anti-Putin activist found dead in Moscow home
Putin says there was nothing wrong with Soviet Unions pact with Adolf Hitlers Nazi Germany
The International Criminal Court (ICC) is expected to officially declare that Israel is guilty of war crimes on Thursday for the attack on a Turkish aid ship bound for Gaza in 2010,
Nasa image reveals surface of Saturns Titan moon
Student jailed for insulting King on facebook.
French-Built Mistral Ships For Russia Could End Up In Canadian Hands
Britains big banks could be broken up after the countrys competition watchdog launched a full-blown investigation into services for small business customers and personal accounts because of a lack of competition.
9,300-Year-Old Bison Mummy Found in Siberia
Thousands take part in London Guy Fawkes protest
ICC Says It Wont Investigate Israeli Raid of Gaza Aid Flotilla
Poland Prepares For Russian Confrontation In New Defense Strategy
Three Israeli soldiers wounded in suspected West Bank terror attack, hours after an attack in Jerusalem
President Vladimir Putin has urged Russian historians to combat what he called attempts to rewrite history based on geopolitical interests by providing their own interpretation of past events.
Bill Gates Warns: The World Is Not Prepared For Epidemics
32 Tanks Enter Ukraine From Russia
Irish Teacher turned down for a job in South Korea due to Alcoholism nature of Irish people.
Latvias foreign minister just came out on Twitter: I proudly announce Im gay
North Koreans working as state-sponsored slaves in Qatar
Pick-up artist Julien Blanc forced out of Australia after Immigration Minister cancels visa: This guy wasnt pushing forward political ideas, he was putting a view that was derogatory to women and thats just something that our values abhor in this country
Era of cheap fish is over, says expert, as industry forced to tackle slavery and overfishing
The highest-ranking U.S. military officer said on Thursday that Israel went to extraordinary lengths to limit civilian casualties in the recent war in Gaza and that the Pentagon had sent a team to see what lessons could be learned from the operation.
The birthplace of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria has been identified as Camp Bucca, a detention centre run by the United States during the Iraq war
Shelling of high school soccer field kills two boys in Donetsk, Urkaine
US dollar, euro surge to new record highs vs Russian ruble
Brussels burns as more than 100,000 protesters clash with police during march against EU austerity measures
DNA evidence proves that early humans survived the last Ice Age
Ebola out of control in Guinea - The number of unreported cases is likely to be 10 times higher than the number recorded by the WHO.
NASA Tests Revolutionary Shape Changing Aircraft Flap for the First Time
Obama wants $3.2 billion more for US air war on Islamic State
An ozone-destroying chemical long thought to be on the decline in Earths upper atmosphere is making an unexpected comeback, an international team of scientists has found.
Three Malaysian transgender women have won an appeal against a religious law banning Muslim men from wearing womens clothing.
India invites Israel to invest in strategic sectors
Pakistani blasphemer killed by policeman: Axe-wielding officer kills Shia man in police custody, claiming he insulted the Prophet Muhammad.
Israel to destroy homes of Palestinian Jerusalem car attackers
Uruguay president, Mujica, willing to trade his VW beetle for ambulances to an Arab sheik.
Elephant Ivory Price Spiked as China VIPs Snapped Up Thousands of Kilos - Beijing dismisses scathing EIA report on wildlife trade which claims ivory haul of Xi Jinping delegates in Tanzania doubled price on illegal market
Gaza rocket misses Israel, as IS-backed blasts rock Strip
Wannabe jihadists are taking cruises to avoid security checks while travelling to Syria and Iraq
A Christian bakery firm in Ireland which refused to make a cake supporting gay marriage with a picture of the Sesame Street characters Bert and Ernie has been warned it will be taken to court unless it apologizes and pays immediate compensation.
Pope Francis has excommunicated a pedophile Argentine priest, who admitted to sexually abusing four teenagers
Too big to fail bank rules unveiled - New global rules to prevent banks that are too big to fail from being bailed out by taxpayers have been proposed.
Kasparov: Stop Putin now or pay the price later
One of the VIPs who sexually abused boys at an apartment complex near Parliament has been identified as a former deputy director of MI6
Five nuclear engineers murdered near Damascus
A Saudi oil firm paid former British prime minister Tony Blair a fee of about 41,000 a month and a 2 percent slice of each contract he helped arrange.
Blast at Nigerian school assembly: At least 47 students have been killed by a suicide bomber at a school assembly in the north-east Nigerian town of Potiskum, police have said.
Britain will not remain in Europe come what may, David Cameron says
Turkish army bans Game of Thrones, requires officers take course on Islam
Space Station Crew Returns to Earth, Lands Safely in Kazakhstan
Tape of Ronald Reagan apologising to Margaret Thatcher for Grenada invasion comes to light after FOI request
Mexicos president left on a six-day trip to China and Australia amid angry protests over the suspected massacre of 43 college students by a gang allied with corrupt police.
Virus That Makes Humans More Stupid Discovered
Israel gives Palestinians Ebola screening equipment
$400 Billion: Russian/Chinese Gas Deal secured - When the new supply deal begins, China will surpass Germany to become Russias biggest natural gas customer.
Three Swedish Isis fighters killed in Syria
Catalonia vote: 80% back independence, say organisers - BBC News
Man stabbed in Tel Aviv in suspected terror attack
Australia giving up on renewables | Investment into renewable energy projects in Australia has dropped by 70% in the last year, according to a new report by a climate change body.
Assisted dying will be made legal in UK within two years
Six out of 10 Indian men admit violence against wives - UN study
Australia challenges unpaid internships
Libyan city becomes the first outside of Iraq, Syria to join Islamic State groups caliphate
Syria soon to have S300 Surface-To-Air Missile System from Russia, saying it does not trust the US especially after the Republicans took the majority of votes in the recently concluded U.S. mid-term elections.
Report: Islamic State spokesman confirms leader Baghdadi injured in US airstrike
Geologists who didnt predict an earthquake arent killers, Italian court rules--seven scientists are free after appeals court overturns manslaughter conviction
Dont forget - The Rosetta Mission. First ever Comet landing starting 0900 GMT 12 November
Barack Obamas support for net neutrality sets precedent for the rest of the world
Iran stripped of world championship volleyball tournament after jailing female spectator
Preach moderate Islam  or else: To counter rise of Islamic State, Jordan imposes rules on Muslim clerics
Germany can deny benefits to jobless EU migrants, court rules
Norway deports record number of immigrants
Rich countries subsidising oil, gas and coal companies by $88bn a year. About four times as much money was spent on fossil fuel exploration as on renewable energy development.
CNN International withdraws from Russia
After travelling 6.5 billion kilometers in space, Rosetta mission aims to land probe on comet
Protesters angry at the alleged massacre of 43 Mexican students clashed with police and besieged Acapulcos airport for hours Monday over a scandal shaking President Enrique Pena Nietos administration.
Iran signs deal with Russia for 2 new nuclear reactors
Moscow shrouded in noxious gas
U.S. says Iran has ceased controversial nuclear practice
Iraqi soldiers battling the Islamic State recaptured the heart of the town of Baiji, home to the countrys largest oil refinery, state television and a military official said Tuesday.
NATO and Russia have faced each other in 3 high risk incidents that carry a high probability of direct military confrontation. There have been nearly 40 total Cold War-like incidents since March that include close Russian flights over NATO ships and simulated Russian bombing runs.
PA president Abbas on Tuesday accused Israel of contaminating the Temple Mount, and said that allowing Jewish prayer at the site would result in a religious war
Dark net raids were overblown by police, says Tor Project
The European Court of Justice has ruled that unemployed EU citizens who go to another member state to claim benefits may be barred from some benefits.
Catalan leader to step up independence push as 80% vote to split from Spain
Kissinger: Putin Is Not Stalin
Canadian-Israeli woman joins Kurds fighting Islamic State
Barclays, HSBC Sued by U.S. Soldiers Over Attacks in Iraq
Israel gives Ebola detection equipment to PA and Hamas - Despite a string of Palestinian terror attacks on Israelis in recent days, which have resulted in dozens of injuries and two deaths, the Israeli government on Sunday transferred Ebola screening equipment to the Palestinian Authority and Hamas.
One dead, three wounded in Palestinian stabbing attacks: Israeli police
European robot probe Philae has made the first, historic landing on a comet, after descending from its mothership
Comet probe Philae now stable
Six of the largest banks in the world have been collectively fined over $4 billion by regulators for manipulating the worlds foreign exchange rates
The lawyer behind the Fifa report which clears Qatar of corruption for the 2022 World Cup bid says the report is inaccurate and incomplete
The CEO of the Royal Bank of Scotland told the BBC that he cringed when he saw copies of the chat room messages which talk of making free money and keeping numpties out of the market. The groups of bankers colluded to fix foreign exchange rates for the advantage of their banks. And themselves.
We crossed the line, US admits to UN anti-torture body
Germany warns anti-semitism rising on back of Middle East violence
Tiger on the loose near Paris
Microsoft Open Sources .NET, Saying It Will Run On Linux and Mac
The man who led Russias winning bid for the 2018 World Cup has denied deliberately obstructing Fifas investigation into alleged corruption during the bid process after it emerged evidence had been destroyed.
Mecca under threat: Outrage at plan to destroy the birthplace of the Prophet Mohamed and replace it with a new palace and luxury malls
Russia plans long-range bomber flights near U.S. shores
Northern European nations to boost military cooperation against Russia
Genitalia replaced with ducklings and dolphins in Turkish schoolbooks
Chinese hack U.S. Weather systems, satellite network
2030 the far distant future says Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott.
Opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan has reached a record high this year, a UN report has revealed, highlighting the failure of the US-led campaign to crack down on the lucrative crop.
Protesters over missing students in Mexico burn state assembly: Demonstrators set fire to the local legislature building on Wednesday in the capital of the southwestern state of Guerrero in protests over the apparent massacre of 43 students by corrupt police and thugs from drug gangs.
Iraqi Christian fighters retake town
Israel announces it wont cooperate with UN Gaza probe
Alberta fishermen land rare fossil of never-before-seen dinosaur
Russian bomber patrols to reach Gulf of Mexico
Shell ignored internal warnings over Nigeria oil spills, documents suggest | Documents filed at London high court suggest Shell didnt act on advice to fix aged pipeline and underplayed magnitude of two spills in Nigeria in 2008
India wins U.S. support for food scheme, ends WTO blockade
Russia denies NATO accusations over troops in Ukraine
Maasai told to leave historic homeland by end of the year so it can become a hunting reserve for the Dubai royal family | World news
German village plays prank on neo Nazis
Obama Puts Australias Climate-Denying Prime Minister Tony Abbott on the Spot
Recession declared in Japan
Modern slavery affects more than 35 million people, report finds
Israel to issue gay-friendly ID cards for children of same-sex couples
After 9 years, Israel resumes destruction of Palestinian homes
Ukraine crisis: Petro Poroshenko says country is ready for total war with Russia
Swiss army removes last explosives from border bridges with Germany
French government will not sign TTIP agreement in 2015  We have to preserve the right of the state to set and apply its own standards, to maintain the impartiality of the justice system and to allow the people of France, and the world, to assert their values.
Putin Denies He Fled From G-20 Summit Pressure
Police are investigating possible homicide linked to what has been described as a paedophile ring involving powerful people in the 1970s and 1980s in the UK
Obama Nears Calling Russian Actions an Invasion
David Cameron warns that second global crash is looming
Sarkozy vows to revoke marriage equality rights if re-elected
Cuba Rejects Erdogans Offer to Build Countrys First Mosque
Russia and Poland expel diplomats in tit-for-tat measures
Pakistan test-fires 2nd nuclear-capable missile in week
Canada breaks with Australia to contribute to Green Climate Fund
Romanian PM Victor Ponta concedes victory in presidential election to Sibiu mayor Klaus Iohannis
Tens of thousands of people went on strike and paralyzed dozens of cities across Italy on Thursday to protest sky-high unemployment and government plans to make it easier to fire workers. Violent clashes between police and protesters erupted in Milan and Rome.
Germany government reiterates its ban on fracking
Bird flu case in Holland turns out to be highly contagious H5N8 strain
Secret EU document outlines sanctions to impose if Israel thwarts two-state solution
Ex-pat romanians are prevented from voting by the Romanian government
Comet Landing 2014: Rosetta Probe Philae Discovers Organic Molecules: Report
Sushi eaters pushing Pacific bluefin tuna to brink of extinction
Putin claims west is provoking Russia into new cold war
I saw MP kill boy at paedophile party, says alleged victim
A group of doctors and nurses is urging the Ontario government to ban an agricultural pesticide blamed for the deaths of bees and other insect pollinators.
Cannabis extract can have dramatic effect on brain cancer, says new research
Five killed in apparent Jerusalem terror attack
9/11 terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui has claimed that Saudi Embassy officials were involved in a plot to shoot down Air Force One to assassinate Bill Clinton and/or Hillary Clinton during a trip to the United Kingdom.
Japans Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he is dissolving parliament and calling an early election.
Israeli Researchers: We Can Detect Breast Cancer With Simple Blood Test
Spanish navy rams Greenpeace boat and injures activists
India Says No to Coal Plant After Inadequate Environmental Impact Assessment - Judges found the casual approach to the projects environmental impact patently unacceptable, citing faulty methodology as well as unreliable &amp; inadequate data collection.
Frankfurt becomes the first financial center in Europe to settle payments in Chinese yuan without converting to US dollars first.
Toyota to launch hydrogen-powered car that runs on compressed hydrogen gas without emitting exhaust
Qatar, currently embroiled in controversy over the award of the 2022 World Cup, has now been chosen to host the 2019 World Athletics Championships.
Palestinians in Gaza celebrate terror attack at Jerusalem synagogue
Obama states that he would order US Troops into combat if ISIS got nuclear weapons
Egypt to expand buffer zone with Gaza after finding longer tunnels
The Islamic State (ISIS) is being supplied with weapons through planes landing in areas controlled by the militants, the head of Iraqs security and defence committee said.
Qatar country with fourth highest rate of slavery: NGO
Nearly 1,000 people took to the streets of Nairobi on Monday to protest against a series of vicious public attacks on women who were stripped naked and assaulted for wearing mini-skirts or other clothing perceived to be immodest
More Than 1 Million People in Russia Live as Slaves, Study Finds
Swedish ISP protects customers from surveillance with free VPN
The Free Syrian Army (FSA), the recognized armed opposition group against the Bashar al-Assad in Syria, has ceased its resistance in Aleppo, Syrias second biggest city, withdrawing its 14,000 militia from the city
Pope: Kids have a right to both mums and dads
Pakistani family sentenced to death over honour killing outside court: Four relatives of a pregnant woman who bludgeoned her to death outside one of Pakistans top courts were sentenced to death on Wednesday for the crime, their defence lawyer said.
ISIS now controls territory in Libya.
Russians Might Use Reindeer to Battle Crime - Animals handle tundra better than snowmobiles, so theyre considering starting a reindeer police force
Banking culture breeds dishonesty, scientific study finds
Record 1,020 rhino killed in South Africa | 2014 eclipses 2013 poaching record as illegal wildlife trade continues to boom, threatening future of the species
Worlds longest railway links Madrid and China as freight train service begins on the 21-day, 8,000 miles long route.
Google Internet balloon crashes on farm in South Africa
For the first time, Israel refuses to return bodies of terrorists as a deterrent to future attacks
North Korea has threatened to conduct a nuclear test in response to a United Nations move towards a probe into the countrys human rights violations
Ancient Egyptian Handbook of Spells Deciphered
China to Place Limit on Coal Use in 2020 - Opponents of climate change regulation in the U.S. have long used Chinas emissions as an excuse for inaction on the U.S. side, he said. Last weeks joint announcement is the beginning of the end for this line of argument.
Acid Rain is Turning Canadas Lakes to Jelly - There is a war going on between 2 water flea species, &amp; one of them is going down hard. A lot of things cant eat these jelly-clad fleas. Theyre 10 times bigger because theyre encased in this jelly.
Obesity rivals smoking and war, with $2-trillion hit to global economy
PM: No room for discrimination against Israeli Arabs: Netanyahu, Livni, Lapid and Erdan lash out at Ashkelon mayor for banning Arab construction workers from vicinity of kindergartens in southern Israeli city.
Unbearable stench after 5,000 bats suddenly drop dead
Russian singers and other celebrities are increasingly being banned from the big stage for disagreeing with the Kremlins policy in Ukraine
Police seize massive weapons shipment headed for Jerusalem.
Israeli president: We are not at war with Islam: Rivlin advises leadership to not raise issue of control over Temple Mount, says Israelis and Palestinians destined to live together in Jerusalem
10 civilians killed by mortar fired at homes near Gaza-Egypt border
Birmingham City Council hid links between Asian cabbies and child sex victims for 23 years
BBC - Fifa whistleblower Phaedra Al-Majid fears for her safety
Top German Politician Slammed for Asking West to Recognize Crimea
Swedish Court of Appeals rejects Assange appeal
ISIS is making millions per week, has enough weaponry to keep fighting for at least 2 years.
Julian Assanges appeal to lift arrest warrant is rejected by Swedish court
Mexico on the brink: thousands expected at mass protests over student massacre | Corruption and violence threaten to destabilise country after mass murder of students and scandal over presidential home
A group of journalists has launched a legal action against Scotland Yard after discovering that the Metropolitan police has been recording their professional activities on a secret database designed to monitor so-called domestic extremists
U.S. meteorologists say the world in October continued to set heat records. They say despite a bitter U.S. cold snap, the globe is rushing toward its warmest year on record.
Great Barrier Reef will be slaughtered: scientists dismiss Julie Bishops claim reef not at risk
EU governments unanimously approved a new law to slash the use of plastic grocery bags on Friday, hoping to curb litter on land and a spreading plastic soup in the worlds oceans.
Lithuanian President calls Russia terrorist state
Russias Igor Strelkov: I Am Responsible for War in Eastern Ukraine | News
New Snowden docs: UK spy agency had full-time employee inside Vodafone / Cable &amp; Wireless
Gambia security forces insert objects into gay prisoners anuses and vaginas to test their sexual orientation
Canadian Police Arrest Protesters Blocking Proposed Path of Tar Sands Pipeline - The protesters are trying to stop the pipeline, which would carry tar sands crude from Edmonton, Alberta to Burnaby, British Columbia.
Molotov cocktails, clashes as Mexico City braces for massacre protests | Masked demonstrators threw Molotov cocktails and shot fireworks at police near Mexico Citys airport as thousands prepared to protest President Enrique Pena Nietos handling of the apparent massacre of 43 trainee teachers
New York-born London mayor Boris Johnson refuses to pay US tax bill.
J-31 stealth jet gets bad reviews after Zhuhai Airshow flight - dark exhaust emitting from the jets engine indicates the engines poor efficiency in burning fuel.
Laser from Plane Discovers Roman Goldmines in Spain - Hidden under vegetation &amp; crops is a gold mining network created by the Romans 2,000 yrs ago, as well as complex hydraulic works, like river diversions, to divert water to the mines.
US President Barack Obama to be chief guest at Indias 2015 Republic Day parade
Senior ISIS figure killed in Mosul
Mexican president burned in effigy as day of protest ends
Ukraine president heckled at tribute to Kiev protesters as Biden visits
UKs first poo bus, powered entirely by human and food waste, takes to the streets today
Girkin says he and his special ops team started conflict in Donbas
Venice is looking to ban wheelie suitcases.
Nearly 30 per cent of world population is overweight: report
Russian Government says Wikipedia isnt reliable; plans its own electronic encyclopedia as counterweight.
Scotland Yard is investigating three possible murders linked to a Westminster paedophile ring that was allegedly operating in the 1970s and 1980s
Vladimir Putin: we must stop a Ukraine-style coloured revolution in Russia
Tourist fined $30,000 for tagging Colosseum
After scrapping nuclear energy, Germany is pondering pulling the plug on coal too.
Human Rights Watch calls on Indonesia to scrap virginity tests for female police
The Alpine city of Grenoble is the first European city to ban all commercial street advertising. Instead, the French city will plant trees. From January to April 2015 more than 300 advertising spaces - 2,000 square metres - will disappear and 50 trees will be planted.
North Korea warns of wiping Japan off world map over U.N. resolution
Turkish President Erdogan says women and men cannot be equal in a meeting of an association promoting women rights.
Canada moving toward American-style inequality, U.S. economist suggests
Man Allegedly Tortured by UK and US for Nearly a Decade Wins Right to Sue Britain | VICE News
PUTIN: Were Stronger Than Everybody
It Took 12 Trucks to Haul Away All the Cash This Corrupt Chinese General Hid in His Home
Israeli policeman charged with manslaughter of Palestinian teen
Polar bear numbers in parts of Alaska and Canada dropped about 40 percent in the last decade, researchers at the U.S. Geological Survey say. Of the 80 cubs observed in Alaska from 2004 to 2007, only two are known to have survived.
The gender pay gap has fallen to a record low
Netanyahu Warns of Grave Mistake if France Recognizes Palestine
The U.K. government is set to announce measures to force internet service providers to maintain records of which customers use which IP addresses, so as to make online anonymity more difficult.
500 dead sea lions found on a beach in Peru
Wild duck tests positive for bird flu virus H5N8 in northeast Germany; Strain is highly pathogenic, officials say
Protesters Call for Mexican Presidents Resignation
More Mass Graves in Mexican Search for Missing Students: Human bones were found by civilians and non-governmental organizations inside the four mass graves
Finnish president says that now is not the right time for Finland to join NATO
Mahmoud Abbas claims wild pigs are being released by Israelis to intimidate Palestinians
Britain is facing the biggest terrorism threat in its history and has foiled around 40 major plots since suicide bombers attacked London in 2005, Home Secretary Theresa May said on Monday.
Nearly 800 people have been rescued from boats in distress in the Mediterranean Sea in the last 48 hours
New Zealands Surveillance Laws Are Anti-People, Says Green Party leader Russel Norman
Discovery Of Vast Canyon in Tibet, thousands of feet under sediment, was once carved out by a river 3-5 million years ago
Pope Francis condemned priests and laity who turn their parishes into a business by charging for things such as baptisms, blessings and Mass intentions -- calling it a scandal thats hard to forgive.
Iraqi warplanes kill ISIS commander of Heet and 22 of his aides
Vietnam seizes over 1,000 dead endangered sea turtles - Record haul were bound for illegal export to China.
India to raise smoking age to 25
Israeli president opposes proposed law to give national rights to Jews only
Rare Shakespeare volume discovered in French library | A rare copy of Shakespeare plays spent hundreds of years hiding in a public library in a small town in northern France before it was noticed. The 1623 volume is seen as one of the most valuable books in the world.
Putin says Russia is not a threat to anyone We pose no threat to anyone and do not intend to get involved in any geopolitical games or intrigues, let alone conflicts, no matter who tries to draw us into them or how they do so, Putin told a meeting with military chiefs
Four polio vaccinators shot dead in Pakistan
Sony set to end sponsorship contract with Fifa, becoming second major sponsor to cut ties - Telegraph
Qatar arrests workers for protesting over low pay
Scientist terrified of own tech - A leading scientist investigating geoengineering solutions to climate change has admitted he is terrified of his own technology.
Denmark to vote on male circumcision ban
Kremlin Whistle-Blower: Putin Has No Option But To Stay In Power
Grenoble bans street ads, to replace billboards with trees
Save the Children staff furious over global legacy award for Tony Blair - Internal letter signed by almost 200 staff members says award is morally reprehensible and endangers STCs credibility globally
Goldman, BASF, HSBC accused of metals price fixing: U.S. lawsuit
The US and Turkey are headed for a showdown over Syria, as evidence mounts that Ankara is enabling groups that Washington is actively bombing.
Suicide attacks by two female bombers at a crowded market in northern Nigerias Maiduguri city have killed 78 people, medical officials say.
Shakespeare First Folio, one of only 230 believed to still exist, found in French library.
Tunisian secularist wins first presidential round, heads for run-off
French Presidents office formally announces indefinite suspension of delivery for Russias Mistral helicopter assault ships, citing Ukraine situation
Archaeologists in Denmark have uncovered an incredibly rare find: a stone age axe held within its wooden handle -
Article: Tanzanias Masai breathe sigh of relief after president vows never to evict them
France suspends warships deal with Russia over Ukraine crisis
Jian Ghomeshi faces five charges in sexual assault investigation
State of emergency in Ukraine as Russia cuts off coal
Finnish Parliament approves same-sex marriage
For the first time since 1969 Germany has balanced its budget
Bavaria plans free wifi for whole state
German unemployment rate falls to a record low
Mexicos President Announces Federal Takeover of Local Police Forces
Mexico: eleven bodies found dumped in state where 43 students went missing
Indonesia cracks down on deforestation in symbolic u-turn. Indonesias reforming new president is to crack down on the rampant deforestation and peatland destruction that has made the nation the worlds third largest emitter of climate-warming carbon dioxide.
Renewable Energy Overtakes Nuclear as Scotlands Top Power Source - Clean energy produced more power in Scotland than nuclear, coal or gas for 1st time, in 1st 1/2 of 2014 industry figures show
7 Mental Health Patients Died Waiting for Beds; 1 Killed His Mother - Investigation comes as mental health beds are being cut in England. Figures show over 2100 gone since 2011. NHS accused by many of failing to understand or prioritize mental health.
The first known FBI informant inside Wikileaks has plead guilty to embezzlement and fraud amounting to thirty million kronas.
Social Media sites like Twitter &amp; Facebook are being told to simplify their terms and conditions because currently its like reading hieroglyphics or shakespeare
Fracking risk compared to thalidomide and asbestos in Walport report. History presents plenty of examples of innovation trajectories that later proved to be problematic  for instance involving asbestos, benzene, thalidomide, dioxins, lead in petrol, tobacco, many pesticides...
World Health Organization: men recovering from Ebola should abstain from sex for three months to minimize the risk of passing the virus on in their semen
Oil continues to collapse a day after OPEC stands firm on production
Yemens main oil pipeline blown up; $4.5 billion has already been lost in infrastructure attacks over the past two years
French president announces 1.5-bln-euro fund to finance transition to green energy
TransCanada, the energy company behind controversial Keystone Pipeline, drops PR firm after a proposal to attack companys opponents leaked - Edelman planned for TransCanada to pressure its opponents by distracting them from their mission &amp; causing them to redirect their resources
UN Torture Watchdog Urges US to Crack Down on Police Brutality - Its the panels 1st review of the US record on preventing torture since 2006
Support for Isis stronger in Arabic social media in Europe than in Syria
Venezuelas representative storm out of meeting as Opec refuses to cut oil production. Prices slump to five-year low
Hong Kong protest leader alleges police sexually assaulted him
Saudis block OPEC output cut, sending oil price plunging
India has suspended the US entertainment channel Comedy Central for six days for showing showing women as a commodity of sex in two shows
Israel slams Turkey: This is no way for a NATO state to act
A long list of sex acts just got banned in UK porn
Edward Snowden wins Swedish human rights award for NSA revelations | Whistleblower receives several standing ovations in Swedish parliament as he wins Right Livelihood award
Sony Drops FIFA Sponsorship Amid Corruption Scandal.
A british oil company is cutting its new CEOs pay by more than half, in a rare win for shareholders who had opposed the companys initial proposal for compensating chief executive Helge Lund.
Russia will hit recession in 2015 because of oil and Ukraine, Kremlin admits
Charles Darwins notebooks in which he first jotted down his theory of evolution have been put online in one of the most significant worldwide releases of the naturalists material - Over 12,000 images have been digitised by the University of Cambridge.
Indian tycoon throws mass wedding for fatherless women.
North Korea says U.S. created the Ebola outbreak
2013 homicide rate in Canada lowest since 1966
In Senegal, desperate mothers kill their own babies due to strict abortion laws and heavy societal pressure. They leave the infants out in the middle of the forest to starve to death or get eaten by wild animals. Others strangle them or throw them in the septic tank, said one legal counselor.
Experts say they have achieved a scientific milestone - creating enzymes out of artificial genetic material that they made in their lab
The EUs top court has ruled that refugees who claim asylum on the grounds that they are homosexual should not have to undergo tests to prove it.
Lebanese army has detained wife of Islamic State leader Baghdadi and one of his sons at border crossing with Syria: Lebanese officials
At climate talks, UN calls fossil fuels high risk investment. Oil price volatility is exactly one of the main reasons why we must move to renewable energy which has a completely predictable cost of zero for fuel once wind turbines or solar panels were built, she told a news conference.
Stephen Hawking warns artificial intelligence could end mankind
Study finds that HIV may be evolving into a milder form
Iran Bombing Islamic State In Iraq, U.S. Official Confirms
Waterborne disease plagues ISIS occupied Mosul
Costa Rica celebrates 66th anniversary of the abolition of its army  The Tico Times
1.7m Syrian refugees face food crisis as UN funds dry up
Putin cancels new natural gas pipeline to Europe in a surprise move
Russian jet nearly hits Nato jet over Norway
Iranian Phantom jet strikes the Islamic State in Iraq
Japan to Launch Asteroid Lander Tonight: Watch It Live
North Korean Government Thought To Be Behind Sony Pictures Hack
British man found with nailbomb, weapons cache, and plans to mass murder immigrants, not charged with terrorism
Israel must give up Nuclear Weapons: United Nations Resolution
Ukraine PM discloses accident at nuclear plant: Reuters
Russian state TVs latest attempt to persuade viewers of the moral depravity of the West has left it with egg on its face. What it presented as a child in the USA being exposed to lewd homoerotica was quickly shown to be a fake pornographic parody taken off the internet.
DNA Confirms King Richard IIIs Remains Under Parking Lot
An Indian state has halted mass sterilisations at health clinics after a doctor was found using a bicycle pump to inflate womens abdomens.
North Korea Bans Name Jong-un for All but Leader: South Korean government officials said on Wednesday that North Korea had banned parents from giving their newborns the same name as the top leader. People who already have the name have been ordered to register with new ones
President Bashar al Assad of Syria says US-led strikes on Syria ineffective You cant end terrorism with aerial strikes. Troops on the ground that know the land and can react are essential.
French parliament votes to recognize Palestine as a state
Rise of Turkish Islamic schooling upsets secular parents | Turkey has seen a sharp rise in religious schooling under reforms that President Tayyip Erdogan casts as a defense against moral decay, but which opponents see as an unwanted drive to shape a more Islamic nation.
Russian ruble in worst daily drop in 16 years
Global livestock industry produces more greenhouse gas emissions than all cars, planes, trains &amp; ships combined, but global survey finds twice as many people think transport is bigger contributor - Fear of a consumer backlash is preventing action on getting people to eat less meat.
Soap, sunscreen and steroids found in Antarctic waters and wildlife | Range of pharmaceuticals found in fish, clams and sea urchins in waters around two research stations, says New Zealand researchers
Iran jets bomb Islamic State targets in Iraq - Pentagon
Sepp Blatter: Qatar World Cup workers welfare is not Fifas responsibility, companies are responsible for their workers - Hundreds have died on building projects
The UN General Assembly has overwhelmingly approved an Arab-backed resolution criticizing Israel for refusing to join an international treaty against nuclear proliferation and calls on Israel to join nuclear treaty
Israel vents their fury with France after parliament votes to recognise Palestine as a state
Indian forces kill 6 militants crossing into Kashmir to disrupt vote
Melting Rate of West Antarctica Glaciers Triples: Study
Green Energy Sector Jobs Surpass Total Oil Sands Employment in Canada
Jordanian Muslim Brotherhood smuggling weapons into Israel
Questions raised over Queens ancestry after DNA test on Richard IIIs cousins - the present Queen may not be descended from John of Gaunt and Edward III, the lineage on which the Tudor claim to the throne originated.
Topless Femen activist goes on trial in Cologne | Josephine Witt jumped up half-naked onto the altar of Cologne cathedral during Christmas mass last year, in protest against the Catholic Church.
West Antarctic Melt Rate Has Tripled: The total amount of loss averaged 83 gigatons per year (91.5 billion U.S. tons). By comparison, Mt. Everest weighs about 161 gigatons, meaning the Antarctic glaciers lost an amount of water weight equivalent to Mt. Everest every two years.
NASA has announced that a test launch of their Orion space capsule will take place on Thursday, in the first step of a mission that will take people to Mars by mid-2030.
Orion deep space capsule launches.
Dozens of Chinese held in Kenya accused of preparing to raid the countrys communications systems
Germany tries 20-year-old man who fought with ISIS in Syria and sentences him to 3 years 9 months.
Blame your boss, not China, for stagnant wage growth: ILO
France ordered to pay Somali pirates up to $5000 each for detaining them for 48 hours too long before appearing in a court.
Chinese researchers report that a common pantry pest harbors bacteria that can digest plastic.
China overtakes the US as worlds largest economy
Tony Blair says politicians are underpaid
Snowden docs show NSA spied on global cellphone networks
An undercover police officer has been accused of encouraging and helping an animal rights campaigner to commit illegal acts which led to his being jailed for four years, according to legal documents
Putin: Under No Circumstances Will Moscow Stop Cooperating With Europe, US
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Thursday condemned the United Nations Security Council for being an unrepresentative Christian body, as well as the biased decisions of Norways Nobel Prize Committee.
Charity in France Is Accused of Being a Front for Financing Terrorism in Syria
Land Mines Arent Killing As Many People As They Used To
Turkish PM implies that gender equality triggers suicides
Scientists find ancient case of human cancer in man who died 4,500 years ago
Corruption a problem for all, latest global index shows
Islamic Militants Attack Grozny, Chechnyas Capital, Leaving 19 Dead
The new 42m Alan Turing Institute for Data Science, dedicated to the second world war Enigma codebreaker, is to be based at the British Library at the centre of a new Knowledge Quarter, George Osborne announced on Thursday.
Cameroons National Assembly has voted into law a bill tabled by government prescribing death sentence on individuals who stage public demonstrations. - deliberately defines the word terrorism to include citizens who carry out public protest against the regime.
U.K. to Repay World War I Loan - The War Loan, a slice of perpetual debt with no fixed maturity date and a 3.5% coupon, was issued in 1932 to refinance war debt first sold in 1917 amid a patriotic campaign to fund the war effort.
UK mass surveillance laws do not breach human rights, tribunal rules - Rights groups brought case against GCHQ after Snowden revelations on extent of electronic surveillance in UK and US
Latvian politician forced to step down after tweeting Thank God Nazis shot gays
Reports: Obama Mulling Sanctions on Israel
Putin tells Russia: Hard times are coming
Each time police shut Pirate Bay, well multiply other servers | No matter how many times law enforcement cracks down on The Pirate Bay, it will find a way to re-open, the Berlin chairman of the Pirate Party said
World Wide Web inventor says Internet should be human right
Google is closing Google News in Spain and removing Spanish media outlets from the service ahead of new law forcing Google to pay for using publishers content
A $104 million donation from Saudi Arabias King Abdullah has helped restore food vouchers for 1.7 million Syrian refugees as winter approaches.
New Leak Reveals Luxembourg Tax Deals for Disney, Koch Brothers Empire
New documents reveal Canadian Govt. opted out of nearly every resolution to protect endangered species at last CITES convention, filing more reservations in 2013 than Iceland, Japan, and the UK have over the entire 39-year history of the treaty.
We found an ancient lake on Mars  a sign the planet may have once been habitable
Brazil president weeps as she unveils report on military dictatorships abuses. Dilma Rousseff was herself tortured; 191 people killed; 243 disappeared. US and UK trained interrogators in torture during 1964-85 military rule
Mass online surveillance and censorship of what people see on the web appear to be getting worse, according to the latest report from Tim Berners-Lees World Wide Web Foundation
ISIS throw man off roof for being gay
Full scale of plastic in the worlds oceans revealed for first time - over 5,000,000,000,000 pieces.
Peru indignant at Greenpeace stunt at ancient Nazca lines - Peru will seek criminal charges against Greenpeace activists who damaged the world-renowned Nazca lines by leaving footprints in the adjacent desert during a publicity stunt
China urges U.S. to correct ways after torture report
India, the worlds third-largest polluter, will spend at least $100 billion on climate-related projects but isnt ready to follow China and the U.S., the top two emitters, in promising to limit its fossil-fuel emissions.
Russia raises interest rates to 10.5%
U.S. Navy says new laser weapon is ready for action
Piles of bodies discovered in Sierra Leone as number of confirmed cases increases past 100 a day. - Ebola burial teams exhausted.
Russian-Indian reactor deal | Russian President Putin and Indian Prime Minister Modi have announced a deal for Moscow to help New Delhi build more nuclear reactors
More than 100,000 people show up in Dublin to protest the water taxes being forced on the Irish people.
US agency infiltrated Cuban hip-hop scene to spark youth unrest
A soldier in Somalia has avenged the killing of his wife by shooting dead five women related to militant Islamists, an official has said. He suspected that the women had colluded with the murderers of his wife, who was also a soldier, he added.
Chinas Urumqi bans Islamic veil, sparking rights concerns
Abe defends Japans secrets law that could jail whistleblowers for 10 years
Mexican citizen interrupts Malala Yousafzais Nobel Prize ceremony
Palestinian minister autopsy reveals he died from heart attack
The United States will normalize diplomatic relations with Cuba, open embassy in Havana
Iraq: 150 women executed after refusing to marry ISIL militants
Foreign exchange in Finland no longer recognizes rubles for trade.
Russia says Sweden smokes too much Weed and that there never was a near miss with airplane or submarine in Swedish waters.
About 15,000 people show up for Anti-Islam march in German city
Russians hurried to change their savings and pensions into dollars and euros while also stocking up on furniture and jewellery as the roubles collapse accelerated | None of us know whats happening. Were all worried that the currency will keep falling
Iran had warned that Sydney attacker was unstable and a con-artist but Australia refused to extradite him for fraud
Pakistan Lifts Death Penalty Ban After Massacre
Two Blasts Outside Girls College Near Peshawar
Putins cronies lose $50 billion
Drone Footage Shows Extent Of Greenpeaces Damage To Perus Nazca Site
Nasas Mars Curiosity rover has detected methane on Mars - A gas that hints at past or present life on the planet
Russia grapples with shocking fall of the ruble: What happened yesterday is a catastrophe
Cuba frees American Alan Gross after 5 years in prison, radical change of US policy towards Cuba expected
Crisis-Struck Russian Stocks Now Worth Less Than Microsoft: The total value of all publicly traded shares on the Russian market is now less than the capitalization of U.S. software giant Microsoft
Pakistan airstrikes kill at least 22 militants in retaliation to school shooting
On national television today in Pakistan, Hafiz Saeed, one of the worlds most-wanted men, blamed India for the massacre of children at a Pakistan school and vowed revenge
I may be the last, says Dalai Lama
Saudi Arabias ruling Al Saud royal family are trying to adjust their relationship with the countrys strict Wahhabi school of Sunni Islam as they increasingly view the teachings of some of its ultra-conservative clergy as a domestic security threat.
Putin Named Russias Man Of The Year For The 15th Time In A Row
Turkey announces national mourning over Pakistan attack
Sony hackers threaten terror at The Interview moviegoers
UN: More Reports Of Children Crucified, Beheaded &amp; Stoned To Death By IS
A fire at a West Bank mosque last month was most likely caused by an electrical fault and not the result of arson
Italy says itll oppose EU plans to scrap environment law - 11 member states signed letter opposing withdrawal of draft EU law on air quality &amp; waste. EU plans to focus on jobs &amp; economic growth instead.
Iran this week unveiled a monument to Jewish soldiers killed in the Iran-Iraq War, which lasted from 1980 to 1988 and saw both countries suffer millions of casualties and billions of dollar in damage. Jewish community leaders and a number of Iranian religious officials took part in the ceremony.
Activists to Drop Interview DVDs Over North Korea Via Balloon
Curiosity Rover Drills Into Mars Rock, Finds Water
Vladimir Putin compares Russia to cornered bear, warning citizens to brace for recession that could last two years
Qatar hires $8 fake fans to fill empty stadiums | Migrant workers in Qatar get one dollar an hour for sitting in the stadiums and pretending to have fun, to applaud and to do the wave
Pope Francis played key role in U.S.-Cuba deal
Belarussian President Demands Russia Trade Be Carried Out in Dollars, Euros: Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko has demanded that Belaruss transactions with Russia be settled in dollars or euros because of the slump in the value of Russias ruble
Navajos reclaim sacred masks at Paris auction
Nearly 97 percent of the airstrikes against ISIL in Syria during December have been carried out by the United States alone, according to U.S. military data.
Zakiur Rehman Lakhvi, the main accused in the Mumbai terrorist attack is granted bail by a Pakistani court only days after the Peshawar massacre.
Russian officials try to quell rising panic concerning a possible bank run. This is a very dangerous situation, we are just a few days away from a full-blown run on the banks, Russias leading business daily wrote in an editorial Wednesday.
Swedish far-right leader: Jews must abandon religious identity to be Swedes
U.S. will bid for 2024 Olympics
The Pakistani military has killed 57 terrorists in airstrikes since Tuesdays school shooting
The bodies of more than 230 people believed to have been killed by Islamic State (IS) have been found in a mass grave in eastern Syria, activists say.
Oil from a wrecked tanker is creating a disaster in the waters of Bangladeshs Sundarbans, the largest contiguous tidal mangrove forest in the world and a haven for a spectacular array of species, including the rare Irrawaddy and Gangetic dolphins and the highly endangered Bengal tiger.
Dutch government officials have acknowledged the countrys secret service sometimes taps the communications of lawyers who represent terrorism suspects.
Suspect in 2002 terrorist attack on Moscow theater, The Chechen Khasan Zakayev, has been detained while trying to cross from Ukraine to Crimea with a fake passport
North Sea oil industry close to collapse
Venezuela President Maduro hails Obamas courageous Cuba gesture
Swiss interest rates turn negative - Swiss National Bank cuts interest rate to minus 0.25%
FIFA Investigator Michael J. Garcia Quits in Dispute Over Report
Political opponent calls for Putins exit as Russia slides into crisis
Ethiopian rabbis accuse Israeli rabbinate of racial discrimination
Under Abbas, Majority of Palestinians Say They Cant Speak Freely
Claims that boys were murdered by VIP sex ring are credible and true - British Police
Kurds recapture large area from ISIS
Sydneys chief Islamic funeral director yesterday declared no Muslim funeral home would accept the body of terrorist Man Haron Monis and authorities should just dump his corpse at sea or chuck him in the bloody shithouse.
Apple is failing to protect workers in Chinese factories, according to an undercover BBC investigation. Exhausted workers were filmed falling asleep on their 12-hour shifts at a Shanghai factory. One employee had to work 18 days in a row despite repeated requests for a day off.
A suitcase-sized Canadian satellite whose funding has been eliminated by the Canadian Space Agency has co-discovered a new planet in another solar system
Ukraine forms ministry of truth to regulate the media
Archaeologists working on a site near Stonehenge say they have found an untouched 6,000-year-old encampment which could rewrite British history.
Seabirds steer clear of offshore wind farms. British Trust for Ornithology finds 99% of birds avoid wind turbines, easing fears over the impact of blades
General Motor, Audi and Jaguar halt car sales in Russia on rubles collapse |
80% of British Public Want Greens Included in TV Debate
UN Identifies Israel as Top Contributor Per Capita in Fight Against Ebola
Isis supporters offering cash to British girls as young as 14 to become jihadi brides in Syria.
Boko Haram kidnaps 185 women and children, kills 32 people
Leaked Internal CIA Document Admits US Drone Program Counterproductive: ...clandestine drone and assassination program was likely to produce counterproductive outcomes, including strengthening the very extremist groups it was allegedly designed to destroy
ISIL decapitates man in Iraq on charges of sorcery
Former Catholic brother Bernard McGrath will be extradited to Australia to face 252 child-sex abuse charges.
Putin falsely calls out drunk journalist - who is really a 2x stroke survivor
The UN General Assembly has called for North Korea to be referred to the International Criminal Court over alleged crimes against humanity, in a landmark resolution adopted by a strong majority.
Ireland Repays $11 Billion to IMF Years Early
Russian shopping frenzy has become so intense everybody from IKEA to Jaguar has run out of stock | Muscovites rushed to the shops this week after a plunge in the value of the ruble brought fears that imported goods would soon soar in price.
Gaza rocket hits Israel for second time since summer war
Sony hackers leaked more than 50 scripts from Sony movies
Record number of states vote for UN resolution on death penalty moratorium: 117 states voted for international freeze on executions, leaving the US increasingly isolated with no vote
Putin says Russias military doctrine remains purely defensive
Pro-Taliban Cleric Now Wants Them Dead After Child Massacre
Pirate Bay Domain Back Online, Waving a Pirate Flag
Argentine Court rules: Orang Utans are non-human-persons with human rights and therefore need to be released from zoo
Peru Is Now Giving Free Solar Power To Its 2 Million Poorest Citizens
New York Times calls for Cheney, Bush officials to be investigated and prosecuted for torture
Pope Francis issued a blistering critique Monday of the Vatican bureaucracy that serves him, denouncing how some people lust for power at all costs, live hypocritical double lives and suffer from spiritual Alzheimers that has made them forget theyre supposed to be joyful men of God.
Polio has Almost Been Completely Eradicated in African Countries - Were getting close to a huge global health milestone.
CIAs how to be a travelling spy guide published by WikiLeaks | WikiLeaks has released two CIA documents offering tips to help spies maintain their cover while using false documents as they cross international borders.
NKorea threatens strikes on US, warned that its 1.2 million-member army is ready to use all types of warfare
North Korea Now Claims the US Government Made The Interview
UK officials named in pedophile dossier
Greek MP says he was offered 2 to 3 million euros to vote for Greek president. I had two meetings that were recorded. They gave me 700,000 euros in cash as a first installment and following this an agreement for bank loans, as well as contracts with an ad agency
Reports that Sony will debut The Interview on Crackle are false, Mashable has learned.
Six people feared dead after bin lorry crashes into pedestrians in Glasgow city centre
Children are cleaning up a devastating oil spill in Bangladeshwith their bare hands
Australias new Social Services Minister: Scott Morrison. His first act in new role, scraps funding for homeless and housing groups.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott names carbon tax repeal as his top achievement as Minister for Women
The European Center for Constitutional and Human Rights (ECCHR) has filed criminal complaints against the officials of former US President George W. Bushs administration for running a state-organized program of brutal torture against foreign suspects
Report: India weighs dropping support for Palestinians at UN in wake of closer ties to Israel
Brown bears, wolves and lynx numbers rising in Europe | Environment
Pakistan plans to execute around 500 militants in coming weeks, officials said Monday, after the government lifted a moratorium on the death penalty in terror cases following a Taliban school massacre.
South Korea nuclear plant operator says hacked, raising alarm
Czech Republic sends 5000 anti-tank missiles to Peshmerga Forces
China sends first 700 strong infantry battalion to South Sudan for UN peacekeeping http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/china/2014-12/22/c_133871006.htm  #Africa
Wikileaks has released two classified documents instructing CIA operatives how best to circumvent global security systems in international airports, including those of the EU, while on undercover missions.
First Western journalist granted access to Islamic State returns to Germany, says IS is much stronger and much more dangerous than the West realizes.
North Koreas internet is offline; massive DDOS attack presumed
SAUDI OIL MINISTER: I Dont Care If Prices Crash To $20  Were Not Budging
ISIL sex slavery has pushed women and girls from Iraqs Yazidi minority to suicide
Ukraine votes to drop neutral NATO status
The United States on Monday slammed North Korea as a living nightmare for its citizens at the first-ever UN Security Council meeting on Pyongyangs dismal rights record. The unprecedented talks at the 15-member council opened after China, Pyongyangs ally, failed to block the meeting.
Oil spill sullies World Heritage Site home of the famous swimming Bengal tigers, some of the last of their kind in the world - The Sundarbans, part of worlds largest mangrove forest, stretching across India &amp; Bangladesh, have been tarnished by the 350,000-liter oil spill.
Russian diplomat: Ukraines renunciation of its non-aligned Nato status its an unfriendly step towards us
$300,000 in gold missing from Ukraine Central Bank after swapped for lead bricks
Tunisia election: anti-Islamist party claims victory
US Corporations claim billion in Assets in Cuba. And now they want it back.
Google has now forgotten more than a quarter-million URLs agreeing to about 40 percent of the requested URL removals that it has received after EUs Court of Justice issued ruling that allowed EU citizens to have search results unlinked from their names online.
Algeria kills leader of jihadists behind Frenchmans beheading: TV
North Koreas Internet links restored amid U.S. hacking dispute
UN expert calls for prosecution of CIA, US officials for crimes committed during interrogations
Rock found in Russian mine containing 30,000 tiny diamonds.
Bedbug bait and trap invented by Simon Fraser University scientists
The police raids on Kim Dotcoms mansion were legal, the New Zealand Supreme Court has ruled
Kurdish group fighting Islamic State tells America: Stop calling us terrorists
NASA Takes Giant Leaps on the Journey to Mars, Eyes Our Home Planet and the Distant Universe, Tests Technologies and Improves the Skies Above in 2014
Iraq TV show makes terrorists confront victims
Coca Cola to open Gaza factory
UN: Satellite images show 290 heritage sites in Syria, whose history stretches back to the dawn of civilization, have been damaged by war
A German author spends time with IS jihadists and sees how confident they are to carry out their brutal plan. It is terrifying that a group could be so enthusiastic about killing hundreds of millions of people.
Alibaba spent $161 million fighting fakes since 2013
Top 500 companies carbon emissions rise despite calls for cuts | Report on worlds biggest 500 firms by capitalisation shows emissions are not in line with UN calls to avoid dangerous climate change
Death toll among Qatars 2022 World Cup workers revealed | Nepalese migrants building the infrastructure to host the 2022 World Cup have died at a rate of one every two days in 2014  despite Qatars promises to improve their working conditions
Fishing Supertrawlers to be banned permanently from Australian waters
Indian telecommunications company Airtel violates Net Neutrality, starts charging for VoIP calls(Skype, etc.) over 2G and 3G in India
North Koreas Internet is down again; second black out since last nights restoration of service
Jakarta to ban virginity tests for female civil servants.
Workers at Chinese iPhone factories are pressured into working 65-hour weeks, made to sleep on plywood beds in bleak dormitories. The work is so exhausting that some of the estimated 15,000 workers choose to sleep through their lunch breaks instead of eating.
Thousands in Spain protest ban on demonstrations, burning national flag
London activists occupy 5-storey former bank in London to provide shelter, clothing and food to Christmas homeless
Russian Inflation Passes 10%, Indicates Pricing is Growing Faster than Expected due to Depreciating Ruble
Australia records biggest emissions drop in a decade as carbon tax kicks in. Greens and conservation group say significant drop in annual emissions shows the carbon price, which was scrapped by the Abbott government, was effective
Elephant ivory smuggling kingpin arrested in Tanzania
Ireland: US courts need our permission to view emails stored on Dublin server
Record numbers attend German anti-Islamization rally
Erdogan slams birth control use as treason
Gunman fires on Paris synagogue
Scientists discover oldest stone tool ever found in Turkey
ISIS claims capture of Jordanian pilot after plane shot down over Syria
Russian prime minister warns of deep recession in 2015
Russia says France must fulfil Mistral contract or return money - agency
Secret flight linking Israel to the UAE reveals open secret of collaboration - A private jet is covertly flying between Tel Aviv and Abu Dhabi, which are said to be engaging in high-level trade in the security sector
Ukraine temporarily cuts off power supplies to Crimea
Coalition plane crashes in Syria
Across the world Silent Night to honor WWI Xmas Truce
Elderly Nigerians Rounded Up And Shot Dead
Russia May Be Cut to Junk rating as S&amp;P Says Its Considering Downgrade
Saudis are eagerly awaiting the approval of a new draft law by the Shoura Council which prevents women under 18 from getting married. The draft law pending approval sets the age of adulthood at 18 and allows women under that age to marry only upon procuring a court order.
Due to the fall in oil prices, Saudi Arabia is now running a $39 billion deficit.
Bill giving government the power to shutdown the internet for 24 hours to be voted in Turkish parliament.
A struggle for womens rights is brewing within Israels deeply conservative ultra-Orthodox community, where women, largely shut out of politics, are beginning to demand greater representation in the countrys parliament.
Putin cancels New Years Holiday for government workers because of the ongoing financial crisis
Ireland is siding with Microsoft in its legal battle with the US over personal data stored on a company server in Dublin. Ireland says American justice should respect international law and national sovereignty.
More than 80 people including women and children killed in a terrorist attack in India
The Syrian Army has killed nearly 5,000 Islamic State (IS) fighters in the last three months
ISIS governor of Mosul killed in airstrikes
Court clears way for clinically dead pregnant Irish woman to be taken off life support.
A court in Mauritania has sentenced a man to death for apostasy for criticizing the Muslim Prophet Muhammed
A group of four women, along with their 13 children and grandchildren, are at risk of being murdered in Papua New Guinea after being accused of witchcraft, a missionary says.
China has stepped up efforts to reduce the number of coal mines, as it plans to shut down more than 2,000 mines next year and limit the number to within 10,000 by 2016.
Archaeologists Have Dig Licenses Revoked After Million Mummies Claim
German fossil fuel consumption and emissions at a record low
Senior UN officials expelled from Sudan following UN attempts to investigate a report that government troops committed mass rape of women and girls in a Darfur village
Mauritania journalist sentenced to death for apostasy
Kim Dotcom Makes Deal with LizardSquad to stop attacks towards Xbox Live and PSN
Ukraine peace talks called off
Tibetan protests reported in Chinas Sichuan
New Study Adds to Skepticism Among Security Experts That North Korea Was Behind Sony Hack
US relocates 3,000 MRAPs, other military gear to Kuwait ahead of expected anti-IS offensive
Russias new military doctrine names NATO as a key risk.
Protesters in Mexico claim that German arms manufacturers exported rifles to a corrupt local police department implicated in the disappearance of 43 students
A leading Russian elected official on Thursday referred to as for an investigation of the United States atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in the course of World War II as a crime against humanity.
Most cases of cancer are the result of sheer bad luck rather than unhealthy lifestyles, diet or even inherited genes, new research suggests. Random mutations that occur in DNA when cells divide are responsible for two thirds of adult cancers across a wide range of tissues.
Iran dismissed United States efforts to fight Islamic State as a ploy to advance U.S. policies in the region: The reality is that the United States is not acting to eliminate Daesh. They are not even interested in weakening Daesh, they are only interested in managing it
Poll: One in 8 Germans would join anti-Muslim marches
UK royal familys Prince Andrew named in US lawsuit over underage sex allegations
Some 40 asylum-seekers refused to leave the bus when they arrived at their destination in rural northern Sweden, demanding that they be taken back to Malm or some big city.
Pakistani boat blows self up after India navy chase. All four people on board the vessel from near the Pakistani port city of Karachi are believed to have been killed in the dramatic episode in the Arabian Sea on New Years Eve, according to Indias defence ministry.
Sweden hit by third mosque arson attack in a week
940 cars set alight during French New Year
Salaries for top CEOs rose twice as fast as average Canadian since recession: study
Norway violated equal-pay law, judge says: Judge finds consulate employee was unjustly paid $30,000 less than her male counterpart
Imam wants radical recruiters of Muslim youth in Canada identified and dealt with
Saudi Arabia beheaded 83 people in 2014, the most in years
A living hell for slaves on remote South Korean islands - Slavery thrives on this chain of rural islands off South Koreas rugged southwest coast, nurtured by a long history of exploitation and the demands of trying to squeeze a living from the sea.
Worlds 400 richest get richer, adding $92bn in 2014
Rental Car Stereos Infringe Copyright, Music Rights Group Says
Ukrainian minister threatens TV channel with closure for airing Russian entertainers
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has entered into his most serious confrontation yet with Israel by signing onto the International Criminal Court. His decision on Wednesday gives the court jurisdiction over crimes committed in Palestinian lands.
Israeli security center publishes names of 50 killed terrorists concealed by Hamas
The year 2014 was the deadliest year yet in Syrias four-year conflict, with over 76,000 killed
A Secret underground complex built by the Nazis that may have been used for the development of WMDs, including a nuclear bomb, has been uncovered in Austria.
Restrictions on Web Freedom a Major Global Issue in 2015
Austrian journalist Erich Mchel delivered a presentation in Hamburg at the annual meeting of the Chaos Computer Club on Monday December 29, detailing the various locations where the US NSA has been actively collecting and processing electronic intelligence in Vienna.
Thousands of Ukraine nationalists march in Kiev
Chinas New Years Resolution: No More Harvesting Executed Prisoners Organs
Authorities Pull Plug on Russias Last Politically Independent TV Station
Shots fired at French magazine HQ
90% of Bibi Netanyahus Campaign Funds From U.S.
ISIS behead street magician for entertaining crowds in Syria with his tricks
Denmark sets new world record in renewable energy production by covering 39% of the countrys total electricity consumption in 2014 through wind power.
ISIS Closes Schools In Syria, Leaving 670000 Children Without Education: UN
The European Union wants Turkey to explain how human traffickers could have taken two cargo ships filled with migrants out of the country and towards the EU without the authorities noticing.
10 people have died in a shooting at the headquarters of the French satirical weekly Charlie Hebdo
Most Earth-like planet ever discovered could be a cosy home for alien life | The planet, named Kepler 438b, is slightly larger than Earth and circles an orange dwarf star that bathes it in 40% more heat than our home planet receives from the sun.
New questions raised about U.S.-Saudi relationship. The 28 pages. U.S. legislators pushing to know more about alleged Saudi role in 9/11
Massive hunt underway for gunmen in Paris terror attack
2014 Was Officially the Hottest Year on Record. And all 10 of the hottest years on record have come after 1998
Chinese authorities have isolated and separated families of Shanghai stampede victims to keep them from organizing; only allow them 5 minutes of mourning at the site and drag them away if they get too emotional
German anti-Muslim protesters rally despite Merkel plea
China encourages environmental groups to sue polluters :Groups that work to fight polluters judicially will gain special status and have court fees reduced, Supreme Peoples Court says
United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon says Palestine will join international Criminal Court on April 1st.
Discovery of witnesss mutilated body feeds claims of state killings in Kenya | The gruesome murder of a man who had been due to testify in the ICC trial of Kenyas deputy president, William Ruto, has fed accusations that the government is orchestrating the killing of witnesses.
Radical Islam a growing threat to sub-Saharan Christians: report
Tony Blair may face war crime charges over Iraq.The delay in the publication of the Chilcot inquiry into the Iraq War has made people believe Tony Blair could face war crimes charges, ministers have been warned.
Benjamin Netanyahu says settlements unlikely to be dismantled if hes elected again as Israel s PM
Tasmania moves to allow corporations to sue protesters for defamation
Indonesia search chief: Tail section of AirAsia Flight QZ8501 found - Flight recorders inside Tail section
North Korean Defector: Bureau 121 Hackers located in Shenyang, China.
Female suicide bomber attacks police station in Istanbul.
IS to turn Syria schools into religious indoctrination centers | Over 670,000 children have been deprived of education after the Islamic State ordered schools to be closed. Schools will be reopened only after the curriculum is Islamicized, with religion replacing standard subjects.
Ebola vaccine trials in Halifax so far a success
New Charlie Hebdo issue to come out next week: Its very hard. We are all suffering, with grief, with fear, but we will do it anyway because stupidity will not win.
Ahmed Merabet, Cop Killed In Paris Attacks, Was Muslim
Youngest Suspect in Charlie Hebdo Attack Turns Himself In
Grenades thrown at a mosque in Le Mans, west of Paris
Danish newspaper to print Charlie Hebdo cartoons on Islam
Muslim politician from India offers $8M to Charlie Hebdo attackers
Vladimir Putin has condemned a deadly terrorist attack in Paris, and confirmed Moscows readiness to continue cooperation with France in battling terrorism. Putin also expressed his condolences to the victims families and wished the injured a speedy recovery.
Turkey is trying to hide any evidence that holds Turkish leaders responsible for the support of terrorist groups, especially the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), Turkish media is reporting.
Danish Paper That Published 12 Muhammad Cartoons Boosts Security
Two Charlie Hebdo attackers located in north France
French imam urges Muslims to protest over Paris attack
Policewoman shot by gunman near Paris dies: police
Shooting heard on the outskirts of Paris, 1 officer severely injured
Nobody was reported killed by fighting in Syria on Wednesday, the first day without casualties in three years, after a fierce winter storm quelled violence
Time to crack down on Islamophobia, Turkeys Erdogan tells EU
Thousands in Europe hold up Pens in Solidarity after terrorist attack
Journalists race to show solidarity with Charlie Hebdo after terror attack
Antibiotics: US discovery labelled game-changer for world medicine
The Charlie Hebdo attack condemned by Saudi Arabia, Iran, Arab League, and many other Muslim states, as well as by Union of Islamic Organizations of France.
Brisbane man wearing Im with stupid t-shirt stands with LNP election campaigners, arrested by 10 officers for public nuisance
Fourth Russian General Commits Suicide in Less Than a Year: it bears a startling similarity to at least three other recent cases of retired Russian generals committing suicide last year
Meteorite turns night into day over Bucharest, Romania
Israeli doctors implant Syrian man with titanium jaw in pioneering procedure.
Unusual Metal Recovered from Ancient Greek Shipwreck39 ingots found in 2,600-yr-old wreck. Metal is being called orichalcum, a legendary metal philosopher Plato attributed to Atlantis. Nothing similar has ever been found. We knew orichalcum from ancient texts &amp; a few ornamental objects.
Young mother let terrorists into Charlie Hebdo building after threat against daughter
Saudi Arabia publicly beheads a woman in Mecca
Boko Haram Appears to Be Using Abducted Girls as Suicide Bombers
Imam says As it is clear that the cartoons are to be published again, Muslims will be hurt and angered, but our reaction must be a reflection of the teachings of the one we love &amp; are angered for. Enduring patience, tolerance, gentleness and mercy was the character of our beloved Prophet.
Three deaths in Anti-Terror Raid in Belgium
Guantanamo guard: CIA killed prisoners and made it look like suicide
BPs maximum fine for Gulf of Mexico oil spill is cut by billions
Woolly mammoth cloning attempt revives ethical debate
Protests flare in Armenia after family massacred: Hundreds of Armenians took to the streets on Wednesday and Thursday, demanding that a Russian soldier who confessed to killing six members of an Armenian family be turned over to the Armenian authorities
Top Russian Official Ashamed Of Culture Crackdown, Quits Ministry
Scientists: Human activity has pushed Earth beyond four of nine planetary boundaries
Items lost in the Stone Age are found in melting glaciers
Lost Beagle2 probe found on Mars
Middle East is most violent area in the world for Christians, report says
On Thursday, a local source in Nineveh province said, that the A-10 Warthog aircraft which belongs to the U.S. Air Force has carried out four air strikes that killed and wounded dozens of ISIS elements, adding that the aircraft sparked panic in the ranks of ISIS.
Charlie Hebdo: Pakistani legislators chant death to blasphemers
Rate of environmental degradation puts life on Earth at risk, say scientists :Humans are eating away at our own life support systems at a rate unseen in the past 10,000 years, two new research papers say
Israel says Swedish foreign minister not welcome
David Cameron seeks cooperation of US president over encryption crackdown | The Guardian
Tanzania has banned witch doctors after dozens of albinos were murdered for their body parts, which witch doctors believe bring good luck and wealth.
Waiting in line for basic goods now a profession in Venezuela
Russia could soon run multiple Ukraine-sized operations. U.S. general: Certainly within the next four to five years they will have the ability to conduct operations in eastern Ukraine and pressure the Baltics and pressure Georgia and do other things, without having to do a full mobilization
Six Ukrainian soldiers killed, fighting rages at airport in Donetsk
Belgian government okays deployment of army in cities because of terror threat.
Cuba opens up more to US travellers, trade starting tomorrow
There is no chance that Russian President Vladimir Putin will be invited to the next meeting of G7 leaders, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who will host the summit, was quoted as saying on Thursday
Good News. Tiger Numbers in India up From 1,400 to 2,226 in 7 Years
Iranian newspaper shut down for showing solidarity with Charlie Hebdo
Pope says birth control ban doesnt mean breed like rabbits
Kenya police tear-gas school kids protesting the removal of playground
Hundreds of anonymous Wikipedia edits made every month by a UK Government computer
Japanese government attempts to censor US textbooks that mention the Imperial Japanese Armys practice of keeping sex slaves
Presidential Palace in Yemen is under heavy fire
Canadian soldiers have fired on Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq, in what is thought to be the first confirmed ground battle involving Western forces.
No gunpowder traces found on Argentine prosecutor Nismans hands
Pakistani minister holds Saudi Arabian govt responsible for destabilizing Muslim world through distribution of money for promoting its Wahhabi ideology
Isis executions: Terror group throws gay men off tower, stones woman accused of adultery and crucifies 17 young men
British intelligence intercepted emails from The New York Times, Reuters, BBC, and others
Five Russian nationals of Chechen origin have been arrested in France on suspicion of planning an attack, a French prosecutor revealed on Tuesday
IS Hangs 13 Youths in Mosul For Watching Soccer Game
Israel to allow sex change on ID cards without surgery
US diplomats prepare for first high-level visit to Cuba in 35 years | World news
Snowden refuses to use iPhone for security reasons
Australia trying to opt out of protecting 5 shark species - Wants out of commitment to work with other countries to ensure the 5 do not become extinct. Govt says it already has protections. Humane Society Intl calls move unprecedented act of domestic &amp; international environmental vandalism.
The Russian Government is reportedly planning to supply modern and sophisticated weaponry to the Cameroonian Army to help it to better fight the Nigeria-based terrorist group Boko Haram.
Japan says jets scrambling at record pace to counter Chinese, Russian intrusions
New E.U. law lets nations ban gene-modified crops.
Iran sees no OPEC shift toward a cut, says oil industry could withstand $25 crude
AirAsia flight QZ8501 climbed 6000ft per minute before stalling: Indonesian Transport Minister
Russia outlaws films that threaten national unity or defile culture: defiling the national culture, posing a threat to national unity and undermining the foundations of the constitutional order will not be allowed to be screened in cinemas
PEGIDA vows more anti-Islam rallies
Ebola has killed off a third of the worlds gorillas and chimpanzees
FIFA generated more than $4 billion in sales from the 2014 World Cup, and is Giving Brazil $100 Million After The Country Spent $15 Billion On The World Cup
Paris mayor: We intend to sue Fox News
Punjab province of Pakistan bans any glorification of terrorists
Russia hits back at Obama over SOTU speech at the centre of the (U.S.) philosophy is only one thing: We are number one and everyone else has to recognise that ... It shows that the U.S. wants all the same to dominate the world and not merely be first among equals. Lavrov told a news conference
Documents show Islamic State &amp; Saudi Arabia prescribe near-identical punishments for crimes
Cuba Wants Off U.S. Terrorism List Before Restoring Normal Ties
ISIS executing educated women in new wave of horror says U.N.
Irish Same-sex Marriage Referendum wording agreed by Cabinet: Marriage may be contracted in accordance with law by two persons without distinction as to their sex
Several stabbed in Tel Aviv attack
Ukraine forces come under attack from Russian troops: Kiev military
Founder of German anti-Islamization movement Pegida under fire over alleged posing as Adolf Hitler, describing immigrants as cattle and garbage, posting KKK picture along with quote Three Ks A Day Keeps Minorities Away
Isis flags seen at anti-Charlie Hebdo protest outside French Cultural Centre in Gaza Strip
C.I.A. Report Found Value of Brutal Interrogation Was Inflated
Israel ignoring deaths of Thai workers on farms- Human Rights Watch calls on Israel to enforce labour laws after Thai workers tell of 17-hour days and being treated like slaves
Russia says Soldier who killed Armenian family will face trial in Armenia
If you fire on Canadian forces, they will fire back, Defence Minister says
35 economists urge cancellation of Greek debt and end of austerity program
Japan wont give in to demands for hostages.
Mystery radio signal picked up from beyond our galaxy: The Australian Parkes radiotelescope has given astronomers their only real-time view so far of the unexplained phenomenon known as the Fast Radio Burst
Hamas: Tel Aviv stabbing attack heroic act
Putin Says Russia Must Strengthen Army to Defend Itself: Putins comments reinforced his commitment to an expensive program to modernize the Armed Forces, which the Finance Ministry has signaled will be excluded from any budget cuts forced on the government by a growing economic crisis
Ancient Scrolls Blackened by Vesuvius Are Readable at Last
First Patient in world fitted with Artificial Pancreas
NASA Spacecraft Closing In on Dwarf Planets Pluto and Ceres
ISIS Suffers Heaviest Defeat in Iraq in a Single Day
Separatists have taken over Donetsk Airport, killing dozens of Ukrainian troops. Such a loss would mark Ukraines most significant and bloodiest tragedy since the battle for Illovaisk in August 2014, in which hundreds of Ukrainian troops were killed.
Statue of Irish sea god Manannn Mac Lir stolen in Derry, Northern Ireland. Wooden cross and a note saying You shall have no other gods before me left in its place
Meth-filled drone crashes in Mexican border town
Secret negotiations were held to reach a deal in which Argentina would receive oil form Iran in exchange for shielding Iranian officials from charges that they orchestrated the bombing of a Jewish community center. Lead prosecutor found dead Sunday.
Swedish envoy to Turkey: Criticizing ISIL does not equal Islamophobia
Lawyers ask Prince Andrew to respond under oath about claims of sex with 17-year-old girl | Lawyers acting for the woman who alleges she was forced by a billionaire financier to have sex with Prince Andrew when she was 17 are formally requesting that he respond to her accusations under oath.
Were running out of chocolate. Dry weather in West Africa and a nasty fungal disease have wiped out between 30 percent and 40 percent of global cocoa production. The gap between supply and demand is set to reach 1 million metric tons by 2020.
Italian Police Discover Biggest Ever Antiquity Collection - Its the biggest recovery in history, in terms of the quality &amp; quantity. In fact, the size of the recovery is almost unprecedented.
British Soldier accused of Raping 6 year old girl
Group finds that punishments in U.S. ally Saudi Arabia nearly identical to those prescribed by U.S. enemy ISIS
Norway: Doctors defy new circumcision law
Chinese President Xi Jinping gives government officials pay raise, his own pay rising 62%
A network of anti-ISIS commando cells has carried out hundreds of guerrilla attacks in Mosul, a city seized by the Islamist militants, Iraqs vice president told NBC News.
Oil export losses to reach $300 billion in Middle East
White House Criticizes Netanyahu for Visiting Without Obama Invite
Hamas calls on Hezbollah to unite fight against Israel
43 of 50 of this years most dangerous cities in the world in Latin America, 19 in Brazil
UN: Nearly 100 Drug Users Died in Crimea After Russia Closed Methadone Program
Ten Israeli tourists wounded in hours-long anti-Semitic attack in Argentina
Kim Dotcom releases Skype competitor MegaChat, but EU official backs plan to make firms hand over encryption keys
Former Miss Turkey arrested for criticizing President Erdogan online
ISIS gaining ground in Yemen, competing with al Qaeda
For five years Greece has been like a patient slowly bleeding
Dead Dogs Found Across Russia After Pup-Poisoning Campaign: After animal rights activists sounded the alarm over what was expected to be a nationwide campaign by dog hunters to poison stray dogs, reports have flooded in of dead dogs turning up in various cities
WikiLeaks demands answers after Google hands staff emails to US government
Almost 500 cases of female genital mutilation identified in just one month in English hospitals
Malaysia Airlines site hacked, displays 404 - Plane Not Found
Mass surveillance is fundamental threat to human rights, says European report: Europes top rights body says scale of NSA spying is stunning and suggests UK powers may be at odds with rights convention
Egyptian doctor sentenced to prison for female genital mutilation in landmark case after the death of a 13 year old
ISIS forced out of Kobane after Kurdish fighters seize full control of town.
Argentine journalist flees in wake of prosecutors death -- I am leaving because my life is in danger, Pachter said
Pro-Moscow rebels, backed by what NATO says is the open participation of Russian troops, pressed on with their offensive on Sunday after restarting the war in eastern Ukraine with the first all-out assault since a truce five months ago.
Russian Security Forces Raid Independent Crimean TV Station
Russian ruble tumbles after violence in eastern Ukraine escalates and oil continues to drop
Greek exit polls suggest Syriza win
Ukrainian army is foreign NATO legion, with geopolitical aims of constraining Russia - Putin
Kurds fly flag of victory over Kobane
The British government has said it is reviewing security procedures after a hoax caller claiming to be the director of Britains GCHQ eavesdropping agency was put through to PM David Cameron.
We are going to destroy the Greek oligarchy system Yanis Varoufakis, tipped to be Syrizas new finance minister, says what his party would do if it gets into government in Greece
Abducted Mexican journalist Moises Sanchez found dead.
Syriza Rides Anti-Austerity Wave to Landslide Victory in Greece
Canada to unveil new security legislation after 2014 attacks: PM
Canadian Public Safety Minister Steven Blaney reaffirmed Canadas commitment to fighting anti-Semitism and promised a zero-tolerance approach for any attempts to delegitimize the state of Israel.
Parents in Taiwan are now legally obliged to limit their kids computer time
BBC executive Tarik Kafala: Do not call Charlie Hebdo killers terrorists
Euro tumbles on Greek vote results, approaching an 11-year low versus the U.S. dollar
Journalist who broke the dead prosecutor story flees Argentina in fear for his life
LIVE: India celebrates its 66th Republic Day
Kim Jong Un to Visit Indonesia Marking First Official Trip Abroad
Boko Haram appears to have surrounded city of 2 million, threatening a big grave
Skull discovery suggests location where humans first had sex with Neanderthals. Skull found in northern Israeli cave in western Galilee, thought to be female and 55,000 years old, connects interbreeding and move from Africa to Europe.
ISIS To Obama: We Will Cut Off Your Head In The White House
Israel fires into Lebanon, killing UN soldier
New anti-terror bill could put chill on freedom of speech
Documents reveal Canadas electronic spy agency sifts through millions of downloads every day from global file-sharing sites to find terrorists. Every single thing that you do  in this case uploading/downloading files to these sites  that act is being archived, collected and analyzed.
Global democracy is at greater risk than at any time in the past 25 years, according to a landmark report by the independent watchdog Freedom House. Women are the main targets for repression, and that levels of brutality under authoritarian regimes are at an all-time high.
Raul Castro: US Must Return Guantanamo for Normal Relations
Huge blast at Hospital in Mexico City. 54 injured half of which are children.
Typo causes collapse of 124-year-old family business
Palestinians Attack Gaza UN Compound After Aid Suspended
Greek PM: We will no longer submit to the EU
Russia warns West support for Kiev could lead to catastrophe
Samsung semiconductor workers: lymphoma, and no compensation
US nuclear scientist jailed for trying to sell secrets
Russia cuts spending, bails out banks
Russian mother of seven accused of treason over Ukraine
IDF confirms Spanish UN peace keeper killed from one of the mortar shells that we launched
Tech firms will be considered complicit if they publish hate speech, says Francois Hollande
Chinas Yuan becomes the fifth most widely used payment currency. The currency also known as renminbi (RMB) has overtaken the Canadian dollar and the Australian dollar.
King Salmans Shady History: The new king of Saudi Arabia has troubling ties to radical Islamists.
Malaysia today declared that flight MH370 was lost in an accident, killing all 239 passengers and crew members on board
Ebola virus mutating, scientists say
Sydney cafe siege hostage Katrina Dawson was killed by ricocheting police bullets, inquest confirms
Canadas leading surveillance agency is monitoring millions of Internet users file downloads in a dragnet search to identify extremists, according to top-secret documents
Westminster child abuse scandal: KGB and CIA kept secret dossiers on Britains VIP paedophiles; Both Russian and US intelligence knew about a group of powerful paedophiles operating in Britain and the KGB hoped to blackmail them in exchange for information
A new guard for Asgard: Iceland building first temple to Norse gods in 1,000 years
Pagan priest wants the theft of a statue of the Irish God of the Sea Manannn Mac Lr to be treated as a hate crime
Suppressed EU report could have banned pesticides worth billions - Science paper recommended ways of identifying hormone-mimicking chemicals in pesticides linked to foetal abnormalities, genital mutations, infertility and other diseases including cancer
The 4 surviving copies of the 1215 Magna Carta brought together for 1st time in London for 800th anniversary - Its one of the 1st steps towards parliamentary democracy &amp; includes the principle that no one was above the law, including the king
Tech pioneer Phil Zimmermann calls David Camerons anti-encryption plans absurd - PGP inventor rubbishes Tory plans to ban encryption and says modern commerce depends on it: End-to-end encryption is everywhere now
Thousands march for democracy in Hong Kong
ISIS getting desperate, struggling to replenish fighters, says US-based advisory firm
Deforestation of the Amazon linked to Brazils worst drought in history, causing many cities to start enforcing severe water rationing
Mugabe Dismisses Male-Female Equality: Its not possible that women can be at par with men, said the incoming chairman of the African Union, Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe.
Complaints against police reach a record high
American employee of Israeli defense firm Elbit mysteriously dies in Saudi Arabia. Saudi authorities say Chris Cramer committed suicide, but family insists he was murdered.
South Korea Wants Japan to Apologize to WWII Sex Slaves
Less Than A Week After Failing Last Attempt, UK Lords Try To Sneak Through Snoopers Charter Once Again
ISIS Is Handing Out Stolen U.N. Humanitarian Aid With Its Own Logo
The pro-Russian separatist leader in eastern Ukraines rebel hub of Donetsk vowed Monday to mobilize 100,000 fighters for their latest offensive against Kiev forces.
Obama: Greece needs growth, not more austerity
One of two Russian bombers carried a nuke while flying over the English Channel - British MoD source
SpaceX and Google form joint partnership to bring Internet access to the world
Tens of thousands of longtime Palestinian refugees in a camp on the outskirts of the Syrian capital have been cut off from United Nations emergency aid for nearly two months by armed groups that are preventing access
Fire Guts Major Russian Library, Destroying Millions of Books, documents - Vladimir Fortov, president of Russian Academy of Sciences, compares it to a cultural Chernobyl
8,700 people file lawsuit against Japanese newspapers articles on Sex Slaves of World War II arguing that they damaged Japanese peoples personal rights and honour
Michelangelo bronzes discovered.
US considers providing arms to Ukraine as rebels step up attacks, says report
Syriza-led Greek parliament will never ratify TTIP
NASA is planning a mission to Europa, one of the best candidates for alien life
Two-year-old Indian boys heart beats in that of a Russian child - Indias first paediatric heart transplant performed
Over 100 drugged and raped in Japan fake clinical study
CCTV footage exposes slaughterhouse cruelty: Sheep are punched, kicked and thrown in the secretly recorded video that has prompted an FSA investigation. Campaigners and MPs are calling for CCTV cameras at every abattoir after footage revealed extreme animal cruelty at a halal slaughterhouse.
Worlds most expensive drug  which costs up to $700,000 per year  too expensive: Canadas drug-price regulator has taken the rare step of calling a hearing into what is considered the worlds most expensive prescription medicine, accusing its manufacturer of exceeding the permissible price cap.
President Obama: US deploying all available assets to free 26-year old American woman captured by Islamic State
Kim Jong-un Says N.Korean Poverty Keeps Him Up at Night
French troops kill around a dozen Islamist militants in Mali
Their Relationships Are Criminal, But These Indians Still Marched In A Pride Parade: Hundreds of people took to the streets under rainbow flags for a pride parade in Mumbai, India on Saturday, despite a law that criminalizes homosexual sex
Norway banishes hate preacher to remote village
Russia Plans Joint Military Drills With North Korea and Cuba
Egypt Covering Up Protest Deaths, Human Rights Group Says
If Ukraine conflict ends, EU might enter trade zone with Russia - Merkel
Indian administration disconnects power supply to 98 tanneries stopped for polluting the Ganga river.
Only 8 of 74 Chinese cities meet pollution standards
Canada sends robots to Kurdistan to help clear ISIS mines
Police alerted to planned march against Jewification of north London borough
Head of U.N. inquiry into Gaza conflict to quit over Israeli bias claim
Casualties in shopping centre explosion in Perth.
US increasingly concerned that Russia is intent on partitioning Ukraine
An entire city is going to be wiped off the map in Egypt  The city of Rafah is to be demolished to make way for a security buffer zone in an attempt to stop militant activity and smuggling.
Barack Obama proposes over $1 billion civil, military aid to Pakistan
Head of UN Gaza inquiry quits, cites Israels bias claims over consulting work he did for the Palestine Liberation Organization
Suicides in Greece surged by a third after the country implemented an austerity programme in June 2011, health investigators said on Monday
Indian government launches its own low cost medicine brand - Jan Aushadhi (Peoples Medicine)
Draft of Arrest Warrant for Argentine President Found at Dead Prosecutors Home
New allegations of Saudi involvement in 9/11
ISIS Burns Jordanian Pilot Alive
Jordan executes two Iraqi militants in response to pilots death.
The US has lost control of 400 million dollars worth of weapons in Yemen
Jets bomb Boko Haram in Nigerias first major offensive
Taiwan TransAsia plane crash-lands in Taipei river
ISIS captors didnt even have the Quran, says former hostage
Jordan to execute within hours jailed woman militant it had sought to swap for pilot killed by Islamic State
Isis set up giant screens in Raqqa showing Jordanian pilot burning to death cheered on by crowds
Putin asks Ukraine to repay a $3 billion loan because Russia needs the money to fight its financial crisis
ISIS throws gay Syrian man seven stories; the man survives, but is then stoned to death
The head of Sunni Islams most respected seat of learning has expressed his outrage over the purported burning to death by the Islamic State group of a captured Jordanian pilot, calling for the killing, crucifixion or chopping off the limbs of the militants.
Saudi prince to hunt rare bird in Chagai, Pakistan despite court ban .
Poland ready to sell weapons to Ukraine
Missing Oil from 2010 BP Spill Found on Gulf Seafloor.
China to ban Internet parody accounts, enforce real-name registration.
Sheikh of Al-Azhar calls to kill, crucify and dismember satanists of ISIS
North Korea Threatens US With Final Doom
Russia announces plans for joint military drills with North Korea
Moussaoui, former Al Qaeda Member, Calls Saudi Princes Patrons of Al Qaeda
Jordan will execute female failed sucide bomber on Wednesday
After ISIS execution, angry King Abdullah quotes Clint Eastwood to U.S. lawmakers
At least four people are reported dead after a shell hit a hospital in the rebel-held city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine.
Hamas Claims Egypt Opened Fire on its Military Posts in Gaza.
Jordan carries out air strikes in Iraq, killing 55 IS militants
Russian woman faces 20 years in prison for revealing Russian forces to be deployed to the Ukraine
No, Jordans King Abdullah II is not personally flying planes against ISIS
Edward Snowden Is More Admired than President Obama in Germany and Russia
ISIS Treasurer Reportedly Steals $1M From Group, Flees To Turkey
UN claim: ISIS selling, crucifying, burying children alive in Iraq
Kurdish president: we are ready to go into the final war against ISIS
Great Barrier Reef set for surprise electoral win. Labor oppositions pledges include a save the reef policy that would remove subsidies for coal mines in the Galilee Basin
Scientists crack the code of viral replication, which may lead to erradication of the common cold.
Half of Danes want to limit [the number of] Muslims in Denmark
Japan is considering making it compulsory for workers to take at least five days paid holiday a year, in a bid to lessen the toll on mental and physical health in a country famed for its long hours.
Norway planning to criminalize not only beggars, but also those who help them in any way.
Pentagon 2008 study claims Putin has Aspergers syndrome
Argentinas President, Christina Fernandez, mocks Chinese for inability to pronounce R on her visit to China.
Russian Inflation Soars to Staggering 15 Percent
4,000-Strong Christian Militia Formed to Fight ISIS in Northern Iraq
It would take 100,000 ground troops to effectively respond to ISIS, says CIA insider
Westerners join Kurds fighting IS
ISIS Selling, Crucifying Children
Isis dares Jordan to avenge their pilot
Hamas leader calls for Lebanon, Syria branches to attack Israel
Pope Orders Bishops to Comply With Sex Abuse Commission
The Berlin Patient, first and only person cured of HIV, speaks out - Medical News Today
Ross Ulbricht Convicted of Running Silk Road as Dread Pirate Roberts
Islamic State executes three of its Chinese militants: China paper
Mugabe falls: 27 bodyguards punished after Zimbabwe president stumbles on carpet
Twitter says Russia repeatedly tried to erase tweets by critics of Putin.
Israeli who placed bomb at Palestinian girls school released from prison early.
The Indian Supreme Court Just Told Muslims They Cant Have Multiple Wives
Young girls who choose to get the HPV vaccinewhich helps prevent genital warts, cervical cancer and a host of other deadly diseasesdo not suffer from higher rates of sexually transmitted infections, according to a new study.
American ISIS Hostage Kayla Mueller Is Dead, Family Confirms
Retired Master Cpl. Paul Franklin, who lost both legs in Afghanistan to a suicide bomber in 2006, says every year he has to prove to Canadian Veterans Affairs that he still has no legs and needs a wheelchair.
Jordan Moves Thousands of Troops to Border With Iraq
India anti-corruption party routs BJP : Wins 95% seats in a historical win
ISIS recruiter, freed from Gitmo, killed in drone strike in Afghanistan
Obama Asks Germany to Stop Assuming the Worst About NSA Spying
An original copy of the Magna Carta has been discovered in a scrapbook in Kent, England.
Ukrainian soldiers seize Russian tank in nocturnal raid
Ukrainian journalist faces 15 years in jail after calls to boycott the draft
Aboriginals sue Canadian government over adoptions to white families during 1960s: Aboriginals who were adopted into white families during the 1960s Scoop are suing the federal government for the loss of their culture and emotional trauma.
Australias Great Barrier Reef could be severely damaged if the government does not completely ban the dumping of dredge waste in the World Heritage-listed waters, a report commissioned by conservation group WWF say.
Samsung warn consumers not to discuss personal info in front of its voice activated TVs
ISIS suspect: The Turkish Intelligence Agency, MT, helped us smuggle arms to radical groups in Syria
UK spent 300 times more on fossil fuels than clean energy despite green pledge
HSBC leak shows Venezuela among top clients in secret Swiss bank accounts
Obama may supply arms to Ukraine
The Justice Department is pushing some of the biggest banks on Wall Street  including, for the first time in decades, American institutions  to plead guilty to criminal charges that they manipulated the prices of foreign currencies.
Obama: If Putin Really Wanted Ukraine, He Could Take It
Obama Says Russia Has Clearly Violated Agreement On Ukraine
Hong Kong-based bitcoin exchange MyCoin has allegedly shut its doors and stolen HKD 3 billion ($386.9 million) in the process
England bans smoking in cars containing children.
Ukraine: 50 Russian tanks and 40 missile systems rolled into the country while Putin talked peace
Russian President Vladimir Putin announces ceasefire for eastern Ukraine to start on 15 February
Paris Votes To Sue Fox News
King of Spain takes 20-per-cent salary cut in push for modest monarchy
Two Sydney Men With Islamic State Flag Give Terror Threat In Video, Get Arrested Minutes Before Attack
Lawyer moved Halliburton subsidiary bribes through secret Swiss HSBC accounts: Files open new window on $182 million Halliburton bribery scandal in Nigeria
Turkish parents complain of push towards religious schools
Dominik Hasek will give his olympic gold to whoever will return czech children taken by norwegian authorities to their mother
Vietnamese police catch poachers with endangered Pangolins. The poachers were fined, but the live animals were then sold to local restaurants
Beating heart cells created in Simon Fraser University lab
Kim Jong-un urges N. Korean troops to get combat-ready
Toxic orange cloud spreads after chemical blast near Barcelona
SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches
10 people from Quebec who contracted measles from the Disney Land outbreak were all unvaccinated
European Parliament to investigate CIAs torture and rendition operations in EU
70% of Kuwait has just been hit with an electrical power outage.
Ex-Korean Air executive gets 1 year in prison over nut rage
Pro-Russian Rebels Refuse to Sign Peace Agreement
US weapons to Ukraine would be matched by Russian arms to rebels -- International Institute for Strategic Studies warns that Moscow could arm separatists more quickly than US could reinforce Ukraines forces
Network of 250 Spanish butchers and phone shops funding jihadists in Syria - ISIS sympathizers using hawala system to secretly transfer money to terrorists, say police; Spanish police conducting 368 investigations into Islamist terrorism
ISIL executes 23 of its members in north Iraq
Japans nuclear regulator on Thursday cleared a second set of reactors for restart, another step toward returning the country to nuclear power after the Fukushima disaster of 2011 led to the shutdown of all units.
Israels Intelligence Affairs Minister Yuval Steinitz warns that Israel might act unilaterally against Iran if Nuclear Deal goes ahead
Over 100 neolithic cult sites containing sexual carvings, graves and human-like figures, and dating back roughly 8,000 years, have been found in the Eilat Mountains in southern Israel.
Operation Death Eaters: Anonymous Wade Into Child Sex Abuse Scandal And Threaten To Expose High Profile Abusers
Google waited six months to tell WikiLeaks it passed employee data to FBI | Tech giant facing renewed questions about user data as WikiLeaks lawyer says The question I have is: what caused this six-month delay?
Every ocean now has a massive plastic garbage patch
Isis: Eight would-be suicide bombers killed while entering Iraqi base hosting US forces
Vatican mulling new department to tackle environmental issues. Pope Francis has said that man is destroying nature and betraying Gods calling to be stewards of creation.
Revenge porn, posting sexual images without consent, outlawed in Britain - CBC News
Chess to be taught in Spanish schools: Spains government is set to add chess to the school curriculum after politicians of all stripes unanimously agreed on the proposal.
Iceland jails former bank bosses; Four bosses of fallen bank Kaupthing sentenced to 4 - 5 1/2 years in prison for market abuse after failed appeal.
One year in prison for Korean Air heiress whose tantrum over macadamia nuts delayed flight
Canadian Prime Minister vows to appeal court ruling allowing women to wear niqab during citizenship oath, calls it offensive
Elderly woman filmed confronting ISIS militants and branding them devils
Scientists at a US science conference have said it is now time to actively try to contact intelligent life on other worlds.
Unemployment Is Killing 45,000 People Each Year - The number of suicides related to unemployment remains stubbornly high despite the improving economy, according to a study published this week.
Study: World dumps 8.8 million tons of plastics into oceans
Brazilians Hoard Water, Prepare for Possible Drastic Rationing
Turkish police use water cannon on protestors decrying religion in schools
Kill Dolphins, Whales To Reduce Competition For Fishermen, Suggests Mayor Of Beachside Town In Philippines
Ukraine: Provenance of Photos Showing Atrocities Questioned [NSFW]
Rosetta stone-style stele unearthed in the Mediterranean coast
Fracking will be allowed under national parks, UK decides
Woman linked to Paris attacks appears in ISIS propaganda
Saudi Arabia engineered oil crisis: Dallas Fed chief
United Nations Envoy: President Bashar Al Assad of Syria is part of the solution
Boy flogged 60 times in town square for calling ISIS the wrong name
Islamic State Claims To Have Abducted 21 Coptic Christians In Libya
An Australian learner driver who stitched his own chainsaw wound and drank gin for the pain before driving to hospital has lost a Supreme Court appeal against a drink-driving charge.
Ukraine Truce Broken 139 Times On First Day
Magnitude 6.9 earthquake recorded in Northern Japan, tsunami warning issued
71% of Chileans Approve Legislation to Decriminalize Abortion
Mexican Marijuana Production Slumps in Face of US Legalization
Japans conservative Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said Tuesday his government would uphold Tokyos official apology for the damage and suffering it inflicted on its neighbors during World War II.
Major war likely in Ukraine, says Prime Minister of Slovakia.
CIA Bought and Destroyed Iraqi Chemical Weapons: CIA purchased nerve-agent rockets from sellers part of an undisclosed effort to ensure remaining chemical weapons did not fall into terrorists hands. The arms purchase plan, known as Operation Avarice, began in 2005 and continued into 2006.
Islamic State militants burn to death 45 in Iraq
Robert Mugabes birthday party cooks up elephantine storm before it starts -- Donation of meat from elephants, buffalo, sables, impalas and a lion for Zimbabwean presidents 91st angers more than just conservationists
A Palestinian rap band has threatened to take legal action against Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus right-wing Likud party for releasing a campaign ad in which their song is associated with ISIS
All 6000 of Jodrans mosques to run on solar energy.
China: Reporters attacked for snapping police chief feasting on rare giant salamander
Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei says Islam has ordered Muslims to treat the followers of other religions with fairness and justice.
France debates ban on Muslim veils in universities
Greece rejects EU bailout offer as absurd
Scientists identify drug that could block multiple sclerosis
Vicente Fox Stumps to Legalize All Drugs Worldwide
5 French teens held for vandalizing Jewish graves
The president of Egypt has called on the UN to authorize an international coalition to fight Islamic State in Libya. El-Sissi said the coalition that fought Moammar Gadhafi.had abandoned the Libyan people.
At least 18 dead in Haiti Carnival accident
Russian Prosecutors Seek 10 Year Sentence for Putin Critic Alexey Navalny
Turkey women share harassment stories after grim murder -- Women dress in black, take to streets and post stories of harassment online after murder of student
Hezbollah leader denounces mass beheading of Egyptian Christian hostages in Libya, says Israels Mossad and CIA behind Islamic State
Putin Fires Medvedev Ally as Kremlin Rift Grows
Everest College, a U.S.-owned chain of 14 private career schools, shut down in Ontario, Canada by provincial government after allegations of falsified job placement and grade data
Another atheist sentenced in Egypt. University reported disbelieving student to the authorities
NSA/GCHQ hacked into worlds largest manufacturer of SIM cards, stealing encryption keys
Family of girl strip-searched at Quebec school to sue school board
Finnish President Signs Same-Sex Marriage Law
Drug-resistant malaria has been detected at the Myanmar-India border and now poses an enormous threat to global health, scientists have said.
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have broken a days-old ceasefire more than 250 times since it went into effect earlier this week, a US official said Thursday
President Zuma to white South Africans : Were a rainbow nation and nobody will chase you away. Well fight against those who will say so, so there must be no fear at all
US Military Reveals Massive Plan To Attack, Retake Mosul From Islamic State
Israel crucial and loyal ally in fight against Boko Haram, says Nigerian govt spokesperson
Thousands of cats smuggled from China buried in Vietnamese cull. First reports suggested that many of the cats were buried alive but Hanoi police later issued a statement denying this happened, insisting they were crushed to death with a dump truck before being buried.
German academics wait till Hitlers copyright expires to publish annotated version of Mein Kampf
Ireland has just given Malta a naval ship, instead of selling it: The Irish Government has donated the recently-decommissioned L AOIFE to Malta to help the Mediterranean country deal with the ongoing refugee crisis in the region
Iran has stopped questionable nuclear centrifuge testing: IAEA
Georgia condemns Russia, South Ossetia deal as step toward annexation
US Embassy: Turkey, US sign deal to train, arm Syrian rebels
Thailand bans foreigners from paying Thai women to be surrogates, after high-profile cases spark debate - Case of boy with Downs syndrome put its surrogacy industry in the spotlight. His Thai surrogate said his Australian parents abandoned him, but took his healthy twin sister home.
Israel increases Gaza exports and exit permits for merchants - COGAT increases quota for Gazan merchants traveling to West Bank, eases travel restrictions, and expands agricultural exports.
Obama rejects as ugly lie notion that West at war with Islam
Venezuelan Opposition Leaders Say Caracas Mayor Arrested
Tel Aviv bus stabber who injured 17 indicted: Palestinian terrorist wanted to become a martyr, kill as many Israelis as possible, court documents show
2 Strong Cyclones Hit Remote Parts of Northern Australia
NATO Urges Russia To Withdraw All Its Forces from Eastern Ukraine
The Islamic State caliphate is in danger of losing its main supply route
Belarusian President Lukashenka, the last dictator of Europe, says his country is ready for a constructive dialogue with NATO | said the fighting in Ukraine has shown that Belarus must have an army capable of protecting its national interests
The city of Edmonton is considering adding an eleven kilometer (seven mile) freezeway that will allow residents to skate to work, with a pilot project planned for as early as next winter.
New Zealand to enter the war against ISIS
70 firms named and shamed after refusing to pay their worker the minimum wage
Kim Jong-un calls for full combat readiness for war with US
Turkey paid Muslim Brotherhood $1 million dollars to eliminate Armenian Genocide documents.
Japanese crown prince says country must not rewrite history of WW2 -- Naruhito makes rare statement on importance of correctly remembering Japans role in war as right wing attempts to downplay issue of sex slaves
Al Jazeera Leaks: Spy Cables reveal Mossad concluded that Iran was not producing nuclear weapons, after PM sounded alarm at UN in 2012.
Nine killed in Czech Republic shooting
NSA director defends plan to maintain backdoors into technology companies
HSBC worlds 2nd largest bank apologizes for helping wealthy elite break domestic laws to evade taxes.
Turkish Men Are Wearing Miniskirts to Fight for Womens Rights
ISIS kidnaps 90 Christians in Syria
CIA attempted to contact Hamas despite official US ban, spy cables reveal
A US court in New York has found the Palestine Liberation Organization and the Palestinian Authority liable for attacks in Israel, the jury awarded victims of the attacks more than $218m.
Canadas proposed anti-terror bill raises alarm bells with former Prime Ministers and Supreme Court justices; PM Harper refuses to budge on lack of oversight of sweeping new powers.
NSA chief declines comment on spyware reports, says program are lawful
Putin: War with Ukraine unlikely
National Security Officials Have Been Notified of Suspicious Tunnel Found Near 2015 Pan-Am Games Venue (Toronto)
New Charlie Hebdo issue (Headline: Here We Go Again!) marks return to business as usual
Amur Leopard Doubles in Population. Now number at least 57 cats (up from just 30 cats in 2007)
One fifth of Germans want revolution: report
A 94 year old SS Medic has been charged with 3,681 counts of murder in connection to Auschwitz.
More Siberian methane blowholes found in permafrost
Russia offers Iran modern missiles despite UN embargo
Inside an ISIS Handbook for Foreigners Running to the Islamic State
ISIS Burns 8000 Rare Books and Manuscripts in Mosul
Satellite image research proves Russian artillery strikes into Ukraine, a fact previously denied by the Russian government
NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden didnt mince words during a Reddit Ask Me Anything session on Monday when he said the NSA and the British spy agency GCHQ had screwed all of us when it hacked into the Dutch firm Gemalto to steal cryptographic keys used in billions of mobile SIM cards worldwide.
Jamaica passes act decriminalizing possession of up to 2 oz of pot, paves way for medical marijuana
Canadian PM Harper urges swift passage of anti-terror bill; says public strongly supports bill, so little scrutiny of it is needed
UK stuns Europe by sending troops to Ukraine
U.S. military vehicles paraded 300 yards from the Russian border
The majority of British Muslims oppose violence against people who publish images depicting the Prophet Muhammad, a poll for the BBC suggests. The survey also indicates most have no sympathy with those who want to fight against Western interests.
A-10 Warthogs return to Germany as situation in Ukraine deteriorates
A prominent bishop accused Turkey of preventing Christians from fleeing Syria while allowing jihadists responsible for their persecution to cross its border unchecked. it allows through lorries, Daesh fighters, stolen oil, wheat &amp; cotton: all of these can cross the border but nobody can pass over
First ever baby woolly rhino unearthed: 18-month-old Sasha is found in the Siberian ice after being buried for 10,000 years
Hitlers Mein Kampf Reprinted in Germany for First Time Since WWII
First day with no troops killed under Ukraine truce
Brazils environmental agency says its detained a land-grabber thought to be the Amazons single biggest deforester.
Workers got a shock when they unearthed a rusted can labeled Zyklon B  the deadly poison gas used by the Nazis in Auschwitz
McDonalds avoided paying over 1 Billion in European corporate taxes between 2009 and 2013, the report Unhappy Meal released Wednesday by a coalition of trade unions and civil society organizations shows.
Sec. of State John Kerry: Russia is lying to my face about having troops in Ukraine | Russia has engaged in a rather remarkable period of the most overt and extensive propaganda exercise that Ive seen since the very height of the Cold War
Radioactive Fukushima Water Leak Was Unreported for Months: Official.
Iranian cruise missiles blow up life-size replica of American aircraft carrier
British Infantry to train the Ukrainian army and provide tactical intelligence In training mission
Swedish Police Mistake 21 Birthday Balloons for ISIS Initials
Report: Saudis might help Israel attack Iran in exchange for progress in peace process
Pentagon will be deploying a small number of troops to Ukraine to provide combat medical training to forces there who have been battling Russian-backed separatists
Egypt Interior Minister tells security forces to machine-gun protesters in new leaks
France says Russia would face more sanctions if Mariupol attacked
Thousands in Moscow chant Russia without Putin
Charlie Hebdo now has 25 times as many subscribers as before deadly attack
PayPal stops accepting payments for Kim Dotcom  s Mega service because it uses encryption
Russian chessmaster Kasparov: Now theres no chance for a peaceful transition beyond Putin
Africas medicine men key to halting Ebola spread in Guinea: More and more patients are coming to health facilities after a referral from their healer, says World Health Organisation.
Even at $10/barrel, oil cant match solar on cost. The report from the National Bank of Abu Dhabi says that while oil and gas has underpinned almost all energy investments until now, future investment will be almost entirely in renewable energy sources.
2012 Delhi bus rapist blames his victim, says it was accident
Bush, Cheney, former CIA director and several congressmen banned from Venezuela
Ukranian pilot Savchenko, detained in Russia for over 8 months without trial and on hunger strike for over 80 days, could die within days
The Svalbard doomsday vault - widely known for protecting global food crop seeds - has accepted its first delivery of forest tree species seeds.
Top Hamas general says group prepping for war with Israel
Exclusive: King Abdullah calls ISIS outlaws of Islam
Pro-NATO Reform Party beats pro-Russian Centre Party in Estonian elections
UK plans to generate electricity from the worlds first series of tidal lagoons. The six lagoons will capture incoming and outgoing tides behind giant sea walls, and use the weight of the water to power turbines.
Killing of yet another journalist in Ukraine a gruesome reminder of alarming safety situation for journalists, OSCE Representative says
Let them slash their wrists. Undercover footage shows conditions in immigration detention centre
Riot police sealed hundreds of Myanmar student protesters inside a monastery on Monday in a tense standoff, activists said, blocking their planned march to Yangon to call for education reforms.
More than two hundred skeletons discovered in mass grave beneath Paris supermarket
North Korea fires two missiles into the sea, South Korea reports.
Toronto mystery tunnel builders identified
One of the main US-backed Syrian rebel groups just admitted defeat
Australia bans travel to Iraqi city of Mosul under new law. Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the Mosul district in northern Iraq had been declared a designated area under a section of the Criminal Code created in October last year.
Saudi Arabia gives top prize to cleric who blames George Bush for 9/11
Kerry: Anti-Israeli bias is undermining the UN Human Rights Council
Report: Obama threatened to shoot down Israeli jets, forcing Israel to abort 2014 strike on Iranian nuclear facilities
Study Confirms That Abstinence Education Has Utterly Failed At Preventing AIDS In Africa
The father of a woman who died after a savage gang-rape in Delhi said he thought everyone should watch a documentary about the attack broadcast by the BBC but banned in India If a man can speak like that in jail, imagine what he would say if he was walking free, said the father of the victim
The car used in Putin critics killing belongs to an in-house security service.
The Iranian president, Hassan Rouhani, has reacted to Binyamin Netanyahus speech to the US Congress by saying that the world and the American people are too intelligent to take advice from an aggressive and occupier regime that has itself developed an arsenal of nuclear weapons.
Indias government has asked YouTube to remove all links to a controversial documentary about the gang rape and murder of a woman in Delhi after banning its broadcast.
Iran: We saved the Jews three times; Netanyahu should learn history
A report outlining the extent of Russias military involvement in Ukraine, which was being prepared by Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov before his murder a few days ago, will be completed and published, opposition activists say
The Green Party in Germany is proposing a draft law to legalize cannabis
Snowden says U.S. not offering fair trial if he returns
Scientists have unearthed the jawbone of what they claim is one of the very first humans. The 2.8 million-year-old specimen is 400,000 years older than researchers thought that our kind first emerged.
Jihadi Johns Father Says His Son Is A Dog And Can Go To Hell
China tries to ditch its coal addiction, reduce energy intensity. Country would aim to raise wind power capacity to 200 gigawatts (GW) and solar to around 100 GW by 2020, up from 95.8 GW and 26.5 GW respectively at the end of 2014.
#snowdenNZ : Leaked documents show New Zealand spies on its Pacific friends and sends the data to the US | GCSB collects phone calls, emails and internet data from NZs closest and most vulnerable neighbours, secret papers reveal
Chemical fire in Vancouver port. People told to close windows and stay home as far away as Burnaby.
UK Police Admit Their Money Laundering Investigations Only Hit the Tip of the Iceberg
Britains advertising watchdog banned an Israeli government tourism advert for suggesting that the Old City of Jerusalem was part of Israel on Wednesday.
India threatens BBC over rapist interview
Remains of First Known Human Found in Ethiopia: The 2.8-million-year old remains consist of a fossil lower jaw and teeth. They were unearthed at the Ledi-Geraru research area at Afar Regional State, Ethiopia.
A court in Moscow has convicted a Russian police officer on charges of spying for the United States and sentenced him to 15 years in prison
US ambassador to South Korea Mark Lippert injured by armed attacker while giving lecture, local media report.
Putin Sounds the Alarm Over Budding Color Revolutions in Russia: President Vladimir Putin urged Interior Ministry officials on Wednesday to focus on smothering budding color revolutions, thus bolstering the current political climate by reinforcing a widespread fear of domestic enemies
Edward Snowden says Canadian spying has weakest oversight in Western world
The US militarys top officer, General Martin Dempsey, told lawmakers on Wednesday it was possible special operations forces could eventually be sent to Syria to back up American-trained rebels
300 staff working for lawmakers have lobbying interests, analysis reveals
Irans supreme leader has terminal cancer
Indian news channel NDTV left its screen blank for an hour on Sunday evening in protest of the ban on Indias Daughter, a documentary about the 2012 Delhi rape.
Two California Tourists Arrested For Engraving Their Names In Romes Colosseum And Taking A Selfie
Russian President Vladimir Putin has revealed he planned the annexation of Crimea four days before unidentified gunmen appeared in the region.
India wants global ban on gang rape documentary
Giant tomb of a Iron Age Celtic prince discovered just 100km from Paris in Champagne, contains exceptional archaeological treasures fitting for one of the highest elite of the end of the first Iron Age
Of Canadas anti-terror bill C-51, BC Premier Christy Clark says: When you give up personal freedoms, its very hard to get them back.
Unidentified gunmen kill more than 12 Islamic State militants in eastern Syria
German professor cites rape culture in India to refuse student internship : India, News
Liberias last ebola patient is out of the Hospital.
He Stabbed Me, Darling, Indian Techie Killed in Sydney, Told Husband on the Phone
German Teenager Dies Fighting ISIS in Syria
Report: German Official Says Saudi Arabia Top Terror Exporter In Middle East
Swedish Minister Silenced by Saudis at Arab League
Russia jails five Chechen men in killing of Putin critic Boris Nemtsov
All Canadians would be trapped in anti-terror legislations web, warns privacy commissioner, saying it is excessive, and safeguards against abuse are seriously deficient.
Students of the Technical University of Crete have built a hydrogen car that has won international awards, yet Greek legislation prevents production of the vehicle
Canada bringing back Buffalo to Banff National Park, a species that once roamed the plains of Western Canada by the millions.
Putin describes secret operation to seize Crimea
Over 2 Million Migratory Birds Killed in Cyprus - to feed an illicit taste for the delicacy. Study shows a dramatic situation of this illegal activity sadly taking place, with number of nets used almost doubling in 2014. Lime sticks trap birds, leaving them to dangle helplessly.
Saudi Arabia rejects human rights criticism after flogging of blogger Badawi
North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un has been attempting to show off his feminist credentials - by handing out make-up during an airbase visit on International Womens Day.
Israels Foreign Minister Avigdor Liberman: Those [Palestinian citizens] who are against us deserve to have their heads chopped off with an axe.
Facebook atheist risking jail seeks to flee Egypt: Karim al-Banna, who on Monday could hear an appeal court uphold his three-year jail term for insulting Islam with his atheism, wishes he could live anywhere but his native Egypt.
Over 25,000 test positive for Swine Flu in India, 1370 deaths so far
UN report says Australias treatment of asylum seekers breaches torture convention
A 42-year-old woman running for mayor in a violent southwestern Mexican state has been kidnapped and decapitated.
More than 200 witchdoctors and traditional healers have been arrested in Tanzania in a crackdown on the murder of albinos for their body parts. The latest victims include a one-year-old albino boy, killed in north-western Tanzania a few weeks ago.
Richest man in US Congress would be 166th richest in Chinas congresses
Boko Haram Surrounded on All Sides by United-Military Forces
The Wikimedia Foundation believes it can win its case against the NSA because it has evidence that mass surveillance had caused it harm, co-founder Wales said | We have proof that its actually impacting us from the Snowden documents. Wikipedia was specifically targeted for upstream surveillance
Town in Canada bans spitting, swearing, and gathering in groups larger than 3; Lawyers group claims law unconstitutional, will defend those charged for free.
Second ex-Mossad chief joins chorus criticizing Netanyahu
Dalai Lama says he may not reincarnate. China: Decision-making power over the reincarnation of the Dalai Lama... resides in the central government of China.
World: Putin Responsible for Murder of Boris Nemtsov Says Daughter
Alzheimers memory loss reversed by breakthrough treatment using ultrasound, scientists in Australia discover.
Scientists will be reopening the LHC after increasing its energy output by 62.5%. Theyre hoping it will show evidence for Supersymmetry, a theory that fills in gaps with the standard model that were previously not possible to achieve.
New Iran laws reduce women to baby-making machines - Amnesty
An Afghan artist has been forced into hiding after receiving death threats for dressing in a metal suit featuring exaggerated breasts and buttocks. Kubra Khademi wore the unusual armour in a performance on the streets of Kabul to highlight the problems of sexual harassment faced by women.
The U.N. torture investigator accused the United States on Wednesday of stalling on his requests to visit its prisons where 80,000 people are in solitary confinement and to interview inmates at Guantanamo on his terms.
Norwegian Researchers Are Crowdfunding to Make Psychedelics and MDMA Free for Global Medical Use | VICE News
New Zealand Witnesses Protests Against Trans Pacific Pact: Critics Allege TPP Is Harmful To Common Man
250-Year-Old Pretzel Unearthed by German Archaeologists
The main suspect in the murder of Nemtsov says he confessed under torture
30 Feared Dead in Shopping Center Fire in Russian City of Kazan
A number of British intelligence staff have been sacked for inappropriately accessing personal information, it has emerged. The revelation came as the results of a long-awaited report by Parliaments Intelligence and Security Committee (ISC) were published.
Google algorithm changes allow company press releases to top news searches
Reporters Without Borders Unblocks Banned News Websites
U.S.-trained and armed Iraqi military units, the key to the American strategy against ISIS, are under investigation for committing some of the same atrocities as the terror group
Czech secret services have found three russian spies
China interested in Athens Airport - Plans to make it main Gateway of China into Europe with 50+ million Chinese entering per year
Anonymous released 9,200 ISIS supporter Twitter account names to apply pressure on Twitter for suspending them
World waits to see if Putin turns up
Putin Orders Northern Fleet to Full Alert for Combat Readiness Exercise, include 38,000 military personnel, 3,360 pieces of equipment, 41 ships, 15 submarines, and 110 airplanes and helicopters
Russias Putin appears in public for first time since March 5
Islamic State fighters caught fleeing battlefield dressed as women
Three teenagers who were stopped from travelling to Syria from Turkey have been flown back to the UK and arrested
Montreal march against perceived police brutality declared illegal
Tens of thousands of Brazilians are marching in cities demanding President Dilma Rousseffs impeachment and blasting what they say is deep government corruption
Ukraine president calls on allies to boycott 2018 World Cup in Russia
President Vladimir Putin has said he was ready to put Russias nuclear weapons on standby during tensions over the crisis in Ukraine and Crimea
Britain is likely to pass a tougher tobacco control bill on Monday that would bar cigarette makers from using their own logos on products and instead require all manufacturers to use a uniform design.
ISIS fighters dress as women in desperate attempt to flee battlefield
Ancient Statues Destroyed by ISIS were Fake - The ancient statues that Islamic State militants smashed in Mosul last month have been proved to be exact replicas of precious artifacts of Iraqi heritage. The real masterpieces of antiquity are said to be in Baghdad.
Christians riot in Pakistan after attacks targeting churches kill 14 - Washington Post
US Accuses Venezuela Oil Company of $2 Bn Money Laundering Scheme
Hezbollah to send 800 of their most elite fighters to Iraq to fight the Islamic State in the decisive upcoming battle for Mosul.
The police watchdog is investigating alleged corruption in the Metropolitan Police, including claims it covered up child sex offences because of the involvement of police officers and MPs.
Saudi beheading takes 2015 execution tally to 45
Putin was surprised at how easily Russia took control of Crimea - Washington Post
A Chechen mother has kidnapped her two Dutch young children, aged 7 and 8, and has taken them to Syria to join Islamic State, Dutch prosecutors said on Monday, in the first known case in the Netherlands of kidnapping by one parent to join the militant group.
Venezuelan president Nicols Maduro given power to rule by decree | World news
Cyclone Pam has wiped out development in Vanuatu, its president said, amid ongoing concern over residents of the Pacific nations outlying islands.
An annual report delivered recently to the US Senate by James Clapper, the director of National Intelligence, removed Iran and Hezbollah from its list of terrorism threats, after years in which they featured in similar reports
Turkish jets intercept Russian military plane near Turkeys airspace
Silk Road moderator Samesamebutdifferent pleads guilty, faces life in prison
Pentagon loses track of $500 million in weapons, equipment given to Yemen
Mexico Offered Sony $20M in Tax Breaks to portray country better in Bond film
Egyptian woman who disguised herself as a man for 43 years in order to make a living was honored Tuesday by the government as the ideal mother
Vagina piercings to count as female genital mutilation in the UK, even if they are consensual
Britains Shame: Evidence Mounts of Child-Abuse Cover-Up
Canadas Largest Food Retailer To Sell Ugly Produce At Low Prices To Cut Food Waste
Gunmen attack Tunisian parliament, may have taken hostages
Mexico Bans Animals From Circus - Searching for homes for 2,000 tigers, elephants, giraffes, zebras &amp; other exotic beasts thatll be banned from circuses.
France cut welfare benefits for 290 jihadists last year
Germany riot in Frankfurt targets new ECB headquarters | Dozens of people have been hurt and some 350 people arrested as anti-austerity demonstrators clashed with police in the German city of Frankfurt.
Almost a quarter of major Japanese companies are considering adopting the governments proposed merit-based pay system: the so-called white-collar exemption system to pay workers based on achievement rather than work hours.
Egypt is serious about abandoning Cairo as the capital, with a $45B city to be built from scratch
Joe Biden: If youre wearing orange [a Protestant], youre not welcome in here - Democratic Unionist Party call on US Vice President to apologise for his comments
Netanyahu Defeats Chief Rival in Israeli Elections
Netanyahus shock re-election leaves Israels pollsters red-faced
In Mexico journalists get as much respect from drug cartels as they get from the Mexican Government. What both dont want, both kill. Carmen Aristegui, a top journalist who exposed conflict-of-interest deals of Pres. Enrique Pea Nieto, his wife and their mansions, is now off the air.
Israel Elections 2015: Exit polls give Zionist Union 27, Likud 28 or in tie
The EU plans to oblige member countries to share details of tax agreements made with big companies and end the practice of secret sweetheart deals: legislation would require countries to automatically exchange information on their tax rulings every three months.
Egypt demolishes 1,020 Rafah homes for Gaza buffer zone
Palestinians Say Election Results Prove Israel No Peace Partner
Netanyahu says US money driving high Arab voter turnout
Nigerian army recaptures all but three areas from Boko Haram who is running with their tail between their legs according to Mike Omeri, the national security spokesman
Women with vagina piercings to be classed as suffering from FGM. [Even where the women is an adult and has consented]
Russia, India to join hands in space monitoring
A 15-year-olds design for the new 1 coin has been chosen ahead of more than 6,000 entries
France decrees new rooftops must be covered in plants or solar panels. All new buildings in commercial zones across the country must comply with new environmental legislation
The CIA Just Declassified the Document That Supposedly Justified the Iraq Invasion
The Australian government just passed a bill that forces ISPs to store and allow police warrantless access to the internet browsing history of all Australians
Today there was an 98-99% solar eclipse in Iceland. Today they also started building the first pagan temple to be built in a 1000 years in Europe.
Fracking costs outweigh benefits for Germany and Europe, study says. For only a ten year supply of energy, fracking in Europe would contaminate drinking water, cause severe environmental damage and create vast industrial landscapes
US threatened Berlin with intel blackout over Snowden asylum.
1 in 10 wild bees face extinction in Europe - If we dont address the roots of the decline in wild bees, and act urgently to stop it, we could pay a very heavy price indeed
Ex-Canadian astronaut on Mars One: Nobody is going anywhere in 10 years
High-end Laos resort serves up illegal wildlife for Chinese tourists - Shocking undercover investigation finds restaurants offering live bear cubs to eat on request washed down with tiger bone wine in the lawless playground of Laos Golden Triangle Special Economic Zone.
77 dead in Mosque bombings in Yemen
137 Killed, 345 Injured in Suicide Attacks on Yemen Mosques
Crystal with Forbidden Symmetry Found in 4.5-Billion-Year-Old Meteorite - Based on experiments with X-rays, the newly discovered quasicrystal has a structure that resembles flat 10-sided disks stacked in a column. This 10-fold symmetry is an impossible structure in ordinary crystals
A mob in the Afghan capital, Kabul, has killed a woman and set her body alight for allegedly burning a copy of the Koran.
US President Barack Obama has told the Iranian people that a deal to transform the relationship between the two countries could be within reach.
Violence cost Mexico $233 billion, or 17% GDP
600 Indian Students Expelled for Cheating on School Exams
Conservationist murders threaten Costa Ricas eco-friendly reputation: The brutal murder of Jairo Mora, who was trying to protect endangered turtle eggs, was the latest in a string of crimes against environmentalists in the country
@the_intercept: New Zealand used NSAs surveillance system to target officials and an anti-corruption campaigner who published leaks
Netanyahu to NBC: I want a peaceful two-state solution
China to build $1bn solar power plant in Ghana
Lithuania Reintroduces Military Conscription Amid Concern Over Russia
Three officials in China have resigned after an endangered Siberian tiger cub leapt to its death from an 11th floor apartment in Qingdao, eastern China, state media have reported.
The Vatican announced Friday that a Scottish cardinal has resigned over allegations of sexual misconduct  the first time someone of that high office in the Catholic Church has resigned since the 1920s.
Reuters became the latest website blocked in China, joining the New York Times, Bloomberg News, and Wall Street Journal
Pitcairn Islands to get worlds largest single marine reserve - UK govt gives go ahead in the 2015 budget to a vast marine protected area in the Pacific thats home to more than 80 species of fish, coral and algae
WikiLeaks Reveals TPP Proposal Allowing Corporations to Sue Nations
Australias 140 top polluters will set their own limits for future pollution virtually penalty free, according to the Governments latest Direct Action policy paper.
The Pentagon has declassified a document that was once labeled top-secret, which goes into sophisticated detail about Israels nuclear weapons program.
Astronaut Scott Kelly will return from a year in space both older and younger than his twin brother
Alps crash co-pilot hid existing illness
Boko Haram headquarters destroyed, Nigerian military claims
Germanwings crash prompts airlines to introduce cockpit rule of 2, including Norwegian Air, easyJet, Air Transat, Air Canada; rule is routine among US carriers
Spookception: US spied on Israel spying on US-Iran nuke talks
Dutch capital of Amsterdam and surrounding areas have been hit by a major power outage.
Several members of Pope Francis sex abuse advisory board are expressing concern and incredulity over his decision to appoint a Chilean bishop to a diocese despite allegations that he covered up for Chiles most notorious pedophile
Germanwings plane disaster: German police probe co-pilot. Police says they found evidence that may be a very significant clue to what has happened.
1 in 20 students in UK worked in sex trade to fund living cost.
Chinas coal use falling faster than expected. Clean-fuel policies, as well as an economy growing at its slowest pace in 25 years, are driving lower coal use, with power companies using a greater mix of hydro, nuclear and renewable options, especially wind.
An Ebola vaccine has been developed and shown successful in primates
Arab states agree to form unified military force
Cane toads by the million lined up for export to China as anti-cancer remedy - Researchers at the University of Queensland hope to send premium cane toads after discovering their venom has anti-cancer properties
Catholic priest Anthony McSweeney, 68, jailed for assaulting boy at childrens home in west London between 1979-1981
DNA Tests Uncover Evidence Of Infidelity In Royal Family Tree
An estimated 4,000 foreign fishermen are stranded on a number of remote islands in eastern Indonesia, including men revealed in an Associated Press investigation to have been enslaved, an aid group said
Massive Underground City Found in Cappadocia Region of Turkey
The Chinese government has unveiled an initiative called Sky Net to better coordinate its fight against suspected corrupt officials who have fled overseas.
A major publisher of scholarly medical and science articles, BioMed Central, based in the United Kingdom, has retracted 43 papers because of fabricated peer reviews amid signs of a broader fake peer review racket affecting many more publications.
U.S. Confirms It Is Supporting Saudi Military Operations In Yemen
Report: 3,508 children sexually abused in Pakistan
Russia wont bend down in standoff with West, Putin says
The president and CEO of The Associated Press has called for changes to international laws that would make it a war crime to kill journalists or take them hostage
Antarctica reaches 63F, highest temperature ever recorded.
Australia Accidentally Leaked the Personal Information of All the G20 Leaders
Hidden camera investigation reveals chicken slaughterhouse practices: For six months, an employee of the animal rights group worked inside one of the largest chicken slaughterhouses in Canada, while using a hidden camera to secretly videotape what he was seeing.
Chinese court jails Muslim for 6 years for growing beard from 2010, wife gets 2 years for wearing veil
Singaporean police arrests Amos Yee, a 17-year-old boy because a YouTube video where he criticizes Lee Kuan Yew
Major 7.7 quake strikes off Papua New Guinea, tsunami warning issued
A blogger has been hacked to death in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, a month after a prominent atheist writer was killed in a similar attack.
Airstrike In Yemen Hits Area Of Refugee Camp, Killing At Least 45
Assad Says US Airstrikes Have Made ISIS Stronger; Says ISIS, Saudi Arabia Of Same Ideological Bent.
Saudi Arabia accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of hypocrisy on Sunday, telling an Arab summit that he should not express support for the Middle East while fueling instability by supporting Syrian leader Bashar al-Assad.
70 women, including 9 schoolgirls, left Germany to join ISIS  report
Iranian Guard says US drone killed 2 of its advisers in Iraq; US says it only struck militants
Another NSU case witness has been found dead in her apartment
Strong evidence found of separatist involvement in downing of MH17
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert found guilty in retrial on corruption charges
Methuselah Palm Grown From 2,000-Year-Old Seed Is a Father
Organised crime groups are plotting to steal from Indigenous communities that survive on multi-million dollar mining royalties and land use agreements, an eight-year Australian Crime Commission investigation into isolated and trouble-plagued regions has revealed.
Foreign students have reportedly been banned from taking courses teaching nuclear, biological and chemical warfare at UK universities to control Terrorism
Saudi-led coalition bombed a Yemeni refugee camp, killing 21.
World Cup leaves Brazil with bus depots and empty stadiums
ISIS supporters are sending up to 100,000 messages a day on Twitter to plan attacks
Poland charges two Russian officials over Kaczyski crash (a 2010 plane crash which killed then Polish President Lech Kaczyski)
Denied salary for 6 years, Indian woman in Saudi awaits exit
Thousands Protest Belgian Austerity Reforms for 2nd Day - Braving hail &amp; winds as they demand the right-wing govt change course &amp; make sure the brunt of the austerity is borne by the wealthy.
With 1st Nationwide Fracking Law, Germany Approaches A Ban - As long as the risks cannot be fully evaluated, fracking will be banned.
Johns Hopkins University faces a $1 billion lawsuit, 800 former research subjects and their families blame the institution for its role in government experiments in the 1940s and 50s in Guatemala that infected hundreds of people with sexually transmitted diseases
Dozens dead as Russian trawler with 130+ aboard sinks in Sea of Okhotsk
Russia Is On The Dawn of a Prolonged Recession as Oil Prices Stay Low and Sanctions Remain in Effect
Russian consulate in Yemen hit by Saudi coalition led airstrikes.
Second flight recorder from Germanwings 9525 found
Bodies of Japanese WWII soldiers believed to have been found in Palau cave sealed off for 70 years
37,000+ French tax dodgers admit owning secret accounts abroad: A total of 37,703 people have filed revised tax forms after admitting to holding secret bank accounts abroad, mainly in Switzerland, the finance ministry revealed on Wednesday.
IS enters Palestinian camp in Damascus; Jordan closes border
Ban against a single blog post leads Turkish ISPs to censor all of WordPress
Istanbul police kill woman carrying bomb near police HQ
HSBC is cast-iron certain to breach banking rules again, executive admits
India Greenlights $730 Million Supercomputing Grid
Syria: Isis Destroys Tons of US-Made Halal Chicken while Millions Go Hungry
Explosion and fire on the oil platform in Gulf of Mexico  45 hurt and 300 evacuated
Nigerian prostitutes congratulate Buhari, declare nationwide free sex
Cyprus criminalizes denial of 1915 Armenian genocide by Turks: The Cypriot parliament passed a resolution penalizing denial of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes, modifying existing legislation, which required prior conviction by an international court to make denial a crime.
Malaysian party tries to pass law reinstating amputation, stonings and public beatings/execution as criminal punishment - journalist makes satirical video about it - gets death, rape threats and is being investigated by police
Germanwings Co-Pilot Had Researched Suicide and Cockpit Doors
Migrant laborers in jeans and flip-flops coerced into running a marathon in Doha, Qatar. Race officials were trying to set a world record for the most marathon participants but fell short by 17,000, even with the addition of the migrant workers.
Vietnamese firms urged to demand TPP transparency, spell out concerns
Despite pressure from the government of Saudi Arabia, the Quebec government will not stop efforts to free blogger Raif Badawi the Minister of Immigration, Diversity and Inclusion said.
An air strike that killed at least 40 people at a camp for displaced people in north Yemen was a violation of international law and those responsible should be held accountable, the United Nations said on Tuesday.
The 300-year-old skeleton of a camel used by the Ottomans to invade Vienna has been identified by Austrian researchers after its discovery in a refuse pit: was rescued from abandoned pit in Tulln, a Lower Austrian town on banks of the Danube in 2006, prior to the construction of a shopping centre.
Russian Muslim leaders issue religious decree against ISIL
Top ISIS leader who was once Saddam general killed in Fallujah
Turkish authorities have blocked access to Twitter, Youtube and Facebook over the publication of photos published on the three social media platforms, showing a prosecutor who was taken hostage by militants in Istanbul last week.
Rupert Murdochs US empire siphons $4.5 billion from Australian business virtually tax-free
French commandos free Dutch hostage in Mali, held for 3.5 years
British law changed so nuclear waste dumps can be forced on local communities - Legislation rushed through in the final hours of parliament allows local planning laws to be bypassed, seriously alarming anti-nuclear campaigners
Poland to build Russia border towers at Kaliningrad
Russian Journalist Reporting on Corruption Kidnapped in Dagestan
Air Indias unsound mind co-pilot reportedly beats up captain inside cockpit
UN official: Situation at Palestinian refugee camp in Syria beyond inhumane - Middle East
US ambassador barred from Prague Castle by Czech President
Museum exhibits evidence of Japanese vivisection of US POWs during WWII
US geologist freed after serving 8 years in China prison
Pope to world: Dont ignore killing of Christians
Israelis targeted UN peacekeepers in Lebanon: Spanish report
Protesters march in Rio after police kill boy, 10, amid clashes with gangs :Police shot Eduardo Ferreira last week, apparently thinking he had a gun.
Bulgaria puts up a new wall along its border with Turkey to stem the flow of refugees
Boy, 14, And Girl, 16, Held By Anti-Terror Police
100 school teachers face the sack in UK extremist probe
Pope Francis prayed for an end to the persecution of Christians in his Easter Sunday address, commemorating the students massacred by Islamist militants at Garissa University in Kenya.
French special forces rescue hostage in Mali detained since 2011, capture militants
India launches air quality index to give pollution information
An al Qaeda offshoot in North Africa has claimed responsibility for an attack Monday in northern Mali on an International Red Cross vehicle that killed one aid worker and left one injured. A spokesman for the group claimed they succeeded due to the help of the hand of Allah
Thailands Prime Minister Wants to Shut Down Media Outlets That Dont Praise the Government
Abbas rejects Israels partial transfer of Palestinian tax revenues; money had been deducted to cover debts to Israeli utility companies.
Islamist militants hit Egypts two largest cities on Sunday with a bombing in Cairo and an attack on a church in Alexandria, leaving one policeman dead and seven people wounded
Easter vault raiders steal up to 200million: Hatton Garden gem thieves cut through roof and disabled alarm system before abseiling down lift shaft to loot 300 safety deposit boxes over four days
US Officials say Russians have hacked the White House
India Pulls Off Great Escape in Yemen, 4000 Evacuated From War Zone
Judge orders Prince Andrew sex allegations struck from court record | UK news
North sea cod stocks bounce back - The fish that was once one of the most disastrous examples of overfishing could be certified as sustainable within five years, according to new research.
U.S. secretly tracked billions of calls for decades
Thousands of Turkish Students Demand Jedi Temples On Campus
The United States and Japan are close to concluding a set of bilateral defense rules that if finalized would give Japans military new powers to act when U.S. forces are threatened by a third country, U.S. officials said Wednesday.
The Saudi budget deficit will be more than twice its own forecast, a leading research firm has said, forcing the kingdom into the debt market for the first time in more than a decade
Archaeologists defy Isis by finding new antiquities in Iraq - Theyre making discoveries despite efforts by Isis to culturally cleanse it. If the militants think they can erase history we are helping to make sure that cant happen: it is the information that is important &amp; not the objects.
Australian Treasurer steps in to protect suspected tax dodger multinationals from being identified
I must tell you the individuals who say this deal provides a pathway for Iran to a bomb are being wholly disingenuous..., says CIA director John Brennan
Sydney Water has been revealed as the nations biggest dumper of mercury into Australian waters, pumping 40 kilograms of the toxic metal out of its deep ocean outfall pipes at Manly and Malabar in the past financial year.
Iraqi Prime Minister and Iraqi Kurdistan Region President agree on joint operation to liberate Mosul from ISIS
An exhibition in Iran will mock the Holocaust.
U.S. Sanctions Block Crimeans From World of Warcraft, Diablo III
Russian deputy who voted against reunification with Crimea stripped of immunity, faces embezzlement charges in Russia
Afghan soldier opens fire and kills 1 American, wounds 2 US troops before being shot dead
Secret papers could reveal Frances role in Rwandan genocide
$1 billion disappears -- and Moldova looks for answers
Germany dismisses Greek demand for billions in WW2 reparations
Shark Fins Being Shipped From Costa Rica to China Via the USA
Irans Leaders Fall Into Line Behind Nuclear Accord
Australian Government seeks immunity over use of force in immigration detention - Immigration officers  including contractors  would have greater powers to use force against asylum seekers and be exempted from liability under proposed laws
Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko may have accidentally killed himself after handling radioactive material, a key suspect in his death has said.
U.S. Legalization of Marijuana Has Hit Mexican Cartels Border Trade
Anonymous released a list of ISIS supporter websites and companies in UK and US that are hosting them
Tokyo thanks Beijing for evacuating Japanese tourist from Yemen
UN urged to ban killer robots before they can be developed - Fully autonomous weapons should be banned by international treaty, says a report by Human Rights Watch and Harvard Law School
100 Billion barrels of Oil discovered in the UK
World oil prices could be $5 to $15 a barrel lower than forecast next year if oil-related sanctions against Iran are lifted, the US governments energy agency said on Tuesday
The Chevron Tapes: Video Shows Oil Giant Allegedly Covering Up Amazon Contamination
India reduces out of school children by 90 per cent: UNESCO
Iran: No signing final nuclear deal unless economic sanctions are lifted on same day
US Admiral: Russian Bombers send a message, we do the same - it wouldnt surprise me if Russia sends bomber patrols through the Gulf of Mexico - If you have long-range aircraft, you want to exercise them. In order to exercise them you need to fly long-range missions
Chinese TV host suspended after privately mocking Mao
More Than 400,000 Elementary schools in China to be provided with 3d printers
Sweden to join US-led coalition against ISIS
U.S. military to ask Canada to install better missile sensors in Arctic
Malawi police are under orders to shoot anyone attacking albinos in the latest bid to crack down on a rising wave of violence against albinos in East Africa whose body parts are prized in black magic.
Nearly half of European jihadis known to have traveled to territory held by ISIS are French, a report by the countrys upper house Senate revealed Wednesday.
ISIS takes control of French TV station.
Lithuania to ban Russian TV channel for warmongering
Obama and Castro to break Cold War ice in person
The Islamic State group has lost control of at least three large oil fields in Iraq, depriving the jihadists of a crucial source of income
Poll shows vast majority of Cubans welcome closer ties with U.S.
Iran has urged Saudi Arabia to impose the most severe punishment on two Saudi police officers arrested on suspicion of sexually harassing two teenage Iranian boys at Jeddah airport.
Turkey journalists face 4.5 years jail over Charlie Hebdo cartoon
Sweden to send troops to Iraq to support fight against Islamic State
Iranian Ayatollah Ali Khamenei condemns Saudi Arabias military intervention in Yemen as genocide and vows that Riyadh will not emerge victorious in its aggression.
The biggest extinction event in planetary history was driven by the rapid acidification of our oceans, a new study concludes. So much carbon was released into the atmosphere, and the oceans absorbed so much of it so quickly, that marine life simply died off, from the bottom of the food chain up.
Energy and climate change minister accepts 18,000 from climate sceptic. It says something that we have an energy and climate change minster who hates wind, loves fracking, and accepts large sums of cash from a central figure in a climate sceptic lobby group, Greenpeace director John Sauven said.
Vancouver has become the latest city to commit to running on 100% renewable energy. The city of 600,000 on Canadas west coast aims to use only green energy sources for electricity, and also for heating and cooling and transportation.
Nordic nations agree on defense cooperation against Russia
North Korea to Mexico: Give us back our ship - Mexico says its within its rights to keep it. N Korea vows to retake it.
Nazi chants at Dutch soccer game: Hamas, Hamas, Jews to the gas...My father was in the commandos, my mother was in the SS, together they burned Jews, because Jews burn the best!
The most extensive genetic analysis of mountain gorillas ever conducted has found the critically endangered apes burdened with severe inbreeding and at risk of extinction.
Amsterdam prostitutes protest closure of window brothels
Ukrainian KGB archives will be opened and information declassified
Ukraine bans public display of Soviet symbols
Pakistani authorities have freed the alleged mastermind of the 2008 Mumbai attacks on bail, sources said Friday, a move likely to further strain ties with India
American Airlines Will No Longer Ship Shark Fins
Kosher Copenhagen deli targeted in anti-Semitic attack. Vandals smash window, scrawl Jewish pigs on wall; police say they will give extra focus to incident
Japanese admit conducting wartime vivisection on captured Americans at Kyushu Imperial University
NASA Names Asteroid After Malala Yousafzai
Facebook admits it tracks non-users, but denies claims it breaches EU privacy law | Social network claims privacy report commissioned by the Belgian privacy watchdog gets it wrong multiple times over what Facebook does with user data
Canadian woman defends officer charged for killing her abductor
Obama hints at Cuba breakthrough as he flies south for Ral Castro meeting: Havana expected to be dropped from list of state sponsors of terrorism, while John Kerry and Cuban counterpart sit down for highest-level talks in decades
An Austrian man, along with 25,000 fellow plaintiffs, has sued Facebook for privacy breaches. He has criticized the lackadaisical approached US tech companies have towards European law
Obama concerned China uses size to bully others in region: Where we get concerned with China is where it is not necessarily abiding by international norms and rules and is using its sheer size and muscle to force countries into subordinate positions,
Leaked TPP investment chapter shows risks to Australias health
Plane finishes 6000km flight after lightning strike leaves hole in it.
Kevin Crull, Canadian Bell Media president, replaced after attempting to interfere in journalism at Bell-owned CTV
This week, 30-year-old Russian man, Valery Spiridonov, announced that he will become the subject of the first human head transplant ever performed, saying he volunteers to have his head removed and installed on another persons body.
The Company Formerly Known as Blackwater Is Training Canadian Soldiers.
A federal judge in Washington handed down a life sentence to the first of four Blackwater Worldwide guards to be sentenced in the 2007 shooting that killed 14 unarmed Iraqis and injured others in a Baghdad traffic circle.
South Korean businessman commits suicide leaving behind a list of supposed brides he has paid to politicians. List includes current Prime Minister and two former Chiefs of Staff.
Liquid Medical Marijuana Shows Promise Against Severe Epilepsy
Worlds first cloned camel becomes six years old and pregnant
Supreme Court of Canada declares Canadian legislation requiring mandatory minimum sentences for gun crimes is unconstitutional.
London gay cure event cancelled after thousands complain
Israel among the least religious countries in the world
Tumbling interest rates in Europe leaves some banks OWING money on loans to borrowers
A former Blackwater guard has been sentenced to life in prison and three others to 30 years over the killing of 14 Iraqi civilians in 2007. Nicholas Slatten and three others were convicted last year for the killings in Baghdads crowded Nisoor Square.
Israel thwarts Hamas shooting attack plan
Report: Greece is getting ready to default
Panel deems Japanese Antarctic whaling plan unconvincing; lacks a convincing explanation of why it needs to kill the mammals.
A Demand For Net Neutrality Roils India, Campaign Reaches Crescendo: 400,000 emails in the past three days asking to safeguard internet neutrality have been sent to the countrys telecom regulator (TRAI), which is currently being bombarded at the rate of 10,000 mails per minute
German Chancellor Angela Merkel urges unified approach to removal of sanctions against Iran
Kerry thanks Russia for its assistance in evacuating Americas from Yemen
Radiation at Fukushima reactor measured high enough to kill a person within one hour
Chiles President Michelle Bachelet Signs Same-Sex Civil Union Law, starting in 6 months Same-Sex couples will be able to inherit each others property, join a partners health plan, and receive pension benefits
A draconian cybercrime law is on the cards in Pakistan that can see internet users imprisoned and fined for sharing information that the government deems inappropriate, vulgar, or against the glory of Islam
Scrap fossil fuel subsidies now and bring in carbon tax, says World Bank chief
Turkish President Erdoan warns Pope Francis not to repeat mistake about Armenian claims
An IDF soldier from a West Bank settlement was indicted Monday for espionage, and is accused of passing information of future IDF actions to far-right settlers.
Serious flaw found in nuclear plant under construction in France
Stung by Popes Remarks on Armenian Genocide, Turkish Minister Insults Argentina
UK opposes international ban on developing killer robots
Turkish hackers hit the Vaticans website after Pope Francis referred to the mass killings of Armenians by Turks as a genocide
Obama Removes Cuba From State Sponsor of Terror List
Iran leader: We are in talks with the major powers, not the U.S. Congress.
After 5 billion km journey New Horizons probe sights Pluto and moon, captures the first colour image of distant dwarf planet.
Lobbyists threaten European democracy, anti-graft body says: Lack of control over lobbyists threatens to undermine European democracies, the anti-corruption pressure group Transparency International said on Wednesday, as it called for tight new regulation.
Drone delivering asparagus to Dutch restaurant crashes and bursts into flames
Seoul to adopt urban agriculture by introducing vertical farms
Egypt: Gay foreigners can be banned from entry or deported
Turkish President Erdogan says any decision by EU Parliament on the Armenian killings in 1915 will go in one ear and out the other ear.
Israel May Send Arms to Ukraine if Russia Delivers S-300 to Iran
Chinese island-building in the South China Sea is causing irreversible and widespread damage to biodiversity and ecological balance, according to the Philippines; Manila accused China of disregarding the people who rely on the sea by destroying coral reefs to create new islands.
Fearful immigrants shut Johannesburg shops as anti-foreigner violence rages | Immigrants in downtown Johannesburg, South Africas biggest commercial city, shut their shops as a wave of anti-foreigner violence that has killed four people near the city of Durban threatened to spread, police said
Saudi Arabia Beheads Indonesian Domestic Help who Killed Abusive Employer
Centuries of Italian history are unearthed in quest to fix a toilet
Japan  first images released from inside a melted reactor at Fukushima nuclear plant.
SpaceX fails in third attempt to land reusable Falcon 9 rocket on barge - Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival, tweets Elon Musk, CEO of the private space company, minutes after liftoff from Cape Canaveral, Florida
Prime Minister Modi says India must lead on climate change. Modi was an early advocate of solar technology, and his government has pledged to increase its solar-generated capacity to 100 gigawatts and its wind capacity to 60 gigawatts by 2022.
Swiss Banks are Trying to Strong-Arm American Clients into Divulging Offshore Wealth to Avoid Massive Fines
Germany assures Estonia of NATO backing | Russias annexation of Crimea has worried former Soviet satellite states. In a show of solidarity, Germanys defense minister has travelled to Baltic nations to pledge support.
Condom of the future? Scientists developing latex replacement that self-lubricates, delivers Viagra and feels better than nothing at all - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk
Russia tells Sweden that hunting for its submarines is a mindless waste of Swedish taxpayer money
EU Files Antitrust Charges Against Google
400 migrants dead in shipwreck off Libya
Marking bias boosts girls maths in French schools
Facebook chat privacy and scans: CIA-backed company might spy on chats
34million hoard of silver coins sent to the bottom of the sea by the Nazis is discovered aboard sunken steamboat at a record depth of 17,000ft by British treasure hunters
ISIS, Taliban announced Jihad against each other - Khaama Press (KP)
Mexican Police Capture Leader of Jurez Cartel
Canadian insurer Grey Power denies flooded home claim for senior who was away for cancer treatment due to leaving the home unattended for more than 4 days
Germany plans for the first time to officially recognize the killing of hundreds of thousands of Armenians by the Turkish regime 100 years ago as genocide.
Bell faces $750-million lawsuit over tracking of customers cellphone Internet usage
UN: Slaughter of 1.5 million Armenians is not genocide
Pesticide the likely cause of Nigeria mystery disease
Syrian Government:We are ready to discuss Autonomy for the Syrian Kurds and Syrian Kurdistan.
Prominent Russian Environmental Activist Flees to Estonia:Above all I decided to take my main weak spot  my children  out of Russia, Chirikova was quoted ....Russia is a country of resources, and environmentalists are the main enemy of the established regime of the natural resources oligarchy.
Norway asks Moscow to explain visit from banned minister. Dmitry Rogozin posted pictures of himself on Svalbard island, despite being on list of people banned after Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine.
Bitter and unemployed officer under Saddam Hussein drew up Islamic State master plan
Fury in Russia as Israel declines to send high-level official to WWII commemoration. Responses in Moscow have suggested that the decision was a reaction to Russias sale of S-300 missile defense systems to Iran.
Ukraine to rewrite Soviet history with controversial decommunisation laws: The laws ban Nazi and Communist symbols and the public denial of the criminal nature of the Communist totalitarian regime 19171991; replace the Soviet term great patriotic war with the European second world war ...
M 6.8 Earthquake, 71km E of Hualian, Taiwan
Al Jazeera suspended for 5 days by Indias Broadcast Ministry for not showing all of Kashmir as part of Indian territory
Novelist Haruki Murakami: Japan must apologize for WWII until it is forgiven
14-year-old boy from UK arrested over terror plot in Australia.
Millionaire businessman wins Finland election
Iran says wont accept forced deportees from Australia
Tsunami warning after 6.6 magnitude quake in Japan
Report: high-ranking Hamas official arrested in Saudi Arabia | Terror organizations treasurer abroad accused by authorities of money laundering, smuggling
Oil companies sponsorship of the arts is cynical PR strategy | Campaigner says attempts by oil companies such as BP and Shell to artwash their image are done simply to gain prestige and nullify local protests
Syrian President Bashar Al Assad: Our Intelligence Service and The French Intelligence Service are in direct contact with each other
Big tobacco quietly battling religious opposition to smoking in key Muslim markets: Canadian study
Thousands of dead fish have been rotting for a week in the 2016 Olympics hosts Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon, where rowing and kayaking events will take place.
Austria Recognizes Armenian Genocide
Man forms tiny European nation, 160,000 sign up to become citizens
Russia to close 40% of universities by the end of 2016
President Barack Obama will not use the word genocide to describe the massacre of up to 1.5 million Armenians in his annual statement commemorating the historic atrocity
International Poll Shows Millennials Have Positive Opinion of Snowden | ACLU released the results of a poll showing that majorities of millennials familiar with Snowden have an overwhelmingly positive opinion of him and believe that his disclosures will lead to greater privacy protections
Russia: IS group is Russias greatest enemy, not U.S.
Czech President: Russia is unlikely to launch a military thrust against the Baltics because President Vladimir Putin is not suicidal
60 girls commit suicide every month after being sexually abused by IS jihadists
Ex-Nazi bookkeeper of Auschwitz asks for forgiveness - 93yo Former SS on trial for 300,000 counts of accessory to murder
Leading scientists say 75% of known fossil fuels must stay underground.
Staff at Windsor Castle go on strike for first time in 900 years
TTIP leak: EU member state legislative initiatives will have to be vetted for potential impacts on private business interests
France police foil church attack plot
Mass surveillance practices endanger fundamental human rights and divert resources that might prevent terrorist attacks - Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe
HSBC Warns Clients of Fossil Fuel Investment Risks. Analysts warn of the growing likelihood that fossil fuel companies may become economically non-viable, as people move away from carbon energy and fossil fuels are left in the ground.
Macedonia said on Tuesday 40 armed men in camouflage uniforms and speaking Albanian had crossed from neighboring Kosovo and taken several police officers hostage overnight, calling for the creation of an Albanian state
Denmark bans bestiality in move against animal sex tourism
China Plans to Build a Modern Version of the Silk Road and Transform Global Trade Routes through Pakistan and Beyond
Right to privacy could be meaningless in 10 years under Tory and Labour plans | Campaigners say both parties manifestos would extend powers of security agencies with pledges that are totally out of step with public opinion
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev gave the first official Russian estimate of the cost Western sanctions will exact on Russias economy in 2015--$106 billion
Fascist Erdoan said a lawyer and sent to jail for insulting him.
Over the past 450 million years, life on Earth has been devastated by five mass extinction events that are widely recognised by geologists. Now, an international team of researchers proposes adding a sixth mass extinction to the list
NZ Prime Minister apologizes for repeatedly pulling waitress ponytail
Former CIA contractor speaks out about interrogation techniques
One-man home trader helped to trigger 500BILLION stock market crash from this Hounslow semi: London man held for causing Wall Street chaos
Worlds most powerful telescope set to launch in 2018 - NASA is building the biggest telescope the world has ever seen, and it will give scientists the opportunity to see cosmic events that occurred 13.5 billion years ago - just 220 million years following the Big Bang
Chinese scientists just admitted to tweaking the genes of human embryos for the first time in history
EU leaders to declare: We cannot take more migrants
Saudi Arabia has beheaded a second Indonesian maid this week despite protests from the Indonesian Government, which is itself facing fierce criticism for its failure to heed calls for clemency for a number of foreigners on death row
Pro-Russian rebels have shelled Ukrainian army positions east of the key city of Mariupol in breach of a ceasefire deal, the BBC has witnessed.
Bees may become addicted to nicotine-like pesticides, study finds. Bees have a preference for sugar solutions laced with the pesticides, scientists say, as a separate landmark field trial show neonicotinoids harm bee population.
Australia pays $4 million for Bjrn Lomborgs flawed methods that downgrade climate change. Climate change contrarian Bjrn Lomborgs think tank methods have no academic credibility says leading climate economist
AdBlock Plus defeats German publishers in court
Putin and Austria name 1915 killings genocide
Revealed: child sex abuse gang with tentacles that go round the world | UK news
Sony executives were concerned about a news report that showed one of its cameras being used to guide Israeli rockets bombing Gaza, company correspondence shows.
Red alert issued as Chile volcano erupts
Deutsche Bank to Pay $2.5 Billion Fine to Settle Rate-Rigging Case: The record fine will be paid to U.S. and British authorities to settle accusations that the bank helped manipulate the benchmarks used to set interest rates on trillions of dollars in mortgages and other debt.
Chinese experts say North Koreas nuclear arsenal is bigger than anyone thought
U.S. Operations Killed Two Hostages Held By Al-Qaida, Including American : The Two-Way : NPR
Nigerian forces invade last known stronghold of Boko Haram | Nigerian forces backed by warplanes invaded Islamist group Boko Harams last known stronghold, the Sambisa forest, on Wednesday, in an effort to finally defeat their six-year-old insurgency, two military sources said.
ISIS replace injured caliph position with a former physics teacher who is said to be currently ruling over the group.
Pagan church - now legally recognised in Northern Ireland - is branching out
We will destroy ISIS: Iranian militia vows to fight terror group
European Parliament study: EU should finance key open source tools
Most migrants crossing Mediterranean will be sent back, EU leaders to agree
Chinese nuclear experts have warned that North Korea may already have 20 nuclear warheads and the capability to produce enough weapons-grade uranium to double its arsenal by next year
Parents of UKs youngest organ donor hope others will be inspired | He died within two hours of being born, but his kidneys were used to save the life of an adult patient with renal failure.
Saudi Arabia Bombs Yemen Hours After Declaring Campaigns End
A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key after a waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail at an Auckland cafe
Ireland set to examine possibility of decriminalizing cannabis
No swooshing: ISIS reportedly bans Nike because it sounds like sex in Arabic
An international team of scientists has sequenced the complete genome of the woolly mammoth. Now, with the publication is the complete genome, it could be a step closer to resurrecting the animal.
Cuba has had a lung cancer vaccine for years. With a thaw in relations between the US and Cuba, CimaVax and other breakthrough drugs developed in Cuba may soon be available to Americans.
Major Greek bank, Bank of Piraeus, to wipe debts of poorest clients
An Islamic college in Australia is under investigation after claims that its principal has banned girls from taking part in running competitions because they might lose their virginity.
German President called the Ottoman Turks massacre of Armenians genocide
Solar Costing a Third of Retail Power Emerges in Germany. Germanys cost of producing solar energy has shrunk to about a third of the price households pay for power after the nation made developers compete for subsidies.
Mass strip search of U.S. students by Canadian guards broke policy, documents show
Russian president Putin calls 1915 Armenian killings genocide
Switzerland is worlds happiest country in new poll; Iceland, Denmark, Norway and Canada round out top 5.
Muslim chooses to die alongside Christians
Indian upper house unanimously passes bill to protect rights of transgenders
Missing MH370 found with wreckage in the ocean thought to be from plane; but expert wants 1.3 Million to Take it Out
70 years later, a Korean comfort woman demands apology from Japan
Adam Gadahn, American mouthpiece for al Qaeda, killed
Poland Will Not Allow Russian Bikers to Enter Country: The Polish Foreign Ministry said Friday that it will not allow a Russian nationalistic motorcycle group loyal to President Vladimir Putin to enter Poland, in part because Polish authorities would not be able to guarantee their security.
Iran transferring large amounts of cash to Hamas military wing
Rocket hits southern Israel
The EU is considering the creation of a new regulator with the explicit remit to oversee internet firms such as Google and Facebook, according to a leaked document. A lack of action, it warns, may lead to a point of no return, where the economy becomes irrevocably tied to a few major companies.
Northern Irelands Health Minister says children raised by gay parents are far more likely to be abused
Montreal woman found guilty of criminal harassment after posting anti-police graffiti on Instagram
Erdogan: Turkeys Ancestors Never Committed Genocide
Hundreds of McDonalds fast-food restaurants in China, Japan, and across Europe are set to close after sales slump
Eighty percent of Venezuelans unable to fully afford basic food items due to high infaltion
Russia cuts nuclear arms stockpiles to minimal levels fulfilling all points of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons... making a considerable contribution to the process of comprehensive and complete disarmament.
Jamaica Just Planted Its First Legal Marijuana Plant
Vatican climate change summit to highlight moral duty for action. Francis has already said that he believes global warming is mostly man-made and that a Christian who does not protect Gods creation is a Christian who does not care about the work of God.
Kurds are openly recruiting U.S. ex-military to fight ISIS
Thai customs seize 511 pieces of elephant ivory - The Three-tonne haul, marked as tea leaves from Kenya, is the second massive seizure in less than a week of elephant tusks from Africa bound for Laos.
City of Kathmandu shifted 10 feet by earthquake
A fascinating new simulation finds that self-driving cars will transform cities: 90 percent of cars will be eliminated, acres of land will open up, and commute times will drop 10 percent.
HIV self-testing kit goes on sale in UK - BioSure is first legally approved self-testing kit, with 99.7% accuracy rate.
Salman Rushdie chastises authors protesting Charlie Hebdo tribute. It has everything to do with the battle against fanatical Islam, which is highly organized, well-funded, and which seeks to terrify us all, Muslims as well as non-Muslims, into a cowed silence.
UN: Israeli military killed 44 Palestinians at UN shelters
By 2020, South Koreans will have a better standard of living than the French
Iran leads calls for Israel to give up nuclear weapons
Australian reporter fired after tweeting that soldiers raped and pillaged during storied Gallipoli campaign
When the Netherlands legalized same-sex marriage the divorce rate went down
Earthquake slid India up to 10 feet northwards in matter of seconds, says US scientist
Nine await mass execution in Indonesia - Security at the prison was heightened and religious counselors, doctors and the firing squad were alerted to start final preparations for the execution of the four Nigerians, two Australians, an Indonesian, a Brazilian and a Filipina.
Humpback whale population grows, animals proposed to be removed from Endangered Species Act
The number of women in England and Wales becoming nuns hits 25-year high
ISIS leader Baghdadi is reportedly unable to move after a spinal injury
Nepal Earthquake Death Toll Hits 5,000 as Aid Starts Flowing In
Former chief of Frances far-right Front National, Jean-Marie Le Pen, hid 2.2 mn euros in Swiss account: Le Pen kept a hidden account at HSBC, as well as the (private Swiss) CBH bank through a trust placed under the legal responsibility of his butler, Gerald Gerin, the investigative website said.
Libya: 6 beheaded TV crew members bodies found near Bayda
PSA Pentagon confirms the vessel detained by Iran was flagged to the Marshall Islands and that no Americans were on board.
3,512 killed in Saudi offensive: Yemen NGO
Former Romania president admits allowing CIA site
New Test Suggests NASAs Impossible EM Drive Will Work In Space - The EM appears to violate conventional physics and the law of conservation of momentum; the engine converts electric power to thrust without the need for any propellant by bouncing microwaves within a closed container.
China announces plan to seven-fold increase Antarctic krill catches.  may leave Antarcticas whales, seals and penguins struggling to survive.
10-Year-Old Girl Raped by Stepfather Is Refused an Abortion in Paraguay
North Korean diplomats storm out of UN rights meeting after shouting that Americans muder innocent black people
U.S. Navy warships will now accompany every U.S.-flagged commercial vessel that passes through the Strait of Hormuz due to concerns that ships from Irans Revolutionary Guard Corps navy could try to seize a U.S. cargo ship.
Its Official: Rubella Has Been Eradicated From the Americas - Health officials confirm that rubella no longer originates in North or South America
Schools in Japan to let transgender students use whichever locker room they prefer | The Japan Times
Traumatically brainwashed Boko Haram captives open fire at rescuers
M7.1 earthquake in Papua New Guinea
Four Amazonian tribes have joined forces to oppose the construction of some of the 250 planned hydroelectric dams in their territory as the Brazilian government ramps up efforts to exploit the power of rivers in the worlds biggest forest
Coffee catastrophe beckons as climate change threatens arabica plant - Study warns that rising temperatures pose serious threat to global coffee market, potentially affecting livelihoods of small farmers &amp; pushing up prices
Today the Constitutional Court of the Slovak Republic proclaimed the mass surveillance of citizens as unconstitutional
Most Countries Have No Plans For When Antibiotics Stop Working - World Health Organization sounds the alarm on one of the biggest threats to the future of global health
NASAs Messenger spacecraft crashes into Mercury
Saudi Arabia Is Burning Through Its Foreign Reserves at a Record Pace
Biggest anti-government protest in Maldivian history happening today.
Pakistan must allow Afghanistan direct access to India or we will Block thier access to Central Asia: Ghani
CIA-Backed Rebels Fight Alongside al-Qaeda Wing in Syria
Canadas Leader, Stephen Harper, will NOT be acting on Climate Change in his upcoming election platform.
UN report: Iran arming Houthis since 2009
Airbus to file complaint in Germany over alleged NSA spying
The leader of the Islamic State (Isis), Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi remains incapacitated due to suspected spinal damage and is being treated by two doctors who travel to his hideout from the groups stronghold of Mosul, the Guardian has learned.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says its time to move on from the Bali 9 executions, less than a week after they took place.
Hundreds of students seek refuge outside U.S. embassy in Burundi
In Iran, Fatal Porsche Crash Unleashes Middle-Class Anger at Elites
Russian Official Severely Beaten After Reporting Electoral Fraud
25,000 Mexican Fishermen Sue BP over Environmental Disaster
An estimated 250,000 Bangladeshis, lured with jobs in Malaysia, have been held for ransom in jungle camps by traffickers in Thailand over the last 8 years in a modern day slave trade. Authorities from the three countries are also reportedly involved in the trade.
Puerto Ricos governor on Sunday signed an executive order authorizing the use of medical marijuana in the U.S. territory in an unexpected move following a lengthy public debate
Germans, still outraged by NSA spying, learn their country may have helped
An Uphill Campaign in Norway to Promote LSD as a Human Right
Our purity is above 99%: Chinese factories are mass producing novel psychoactive substances that mimic banned substances, destined for an eager market in the US and UK
WikiLeaks Anonymous Leak Submission Website Relaunched after 6 years
Pro-Putin bikers Night Wolves dwindle en route to Germany: German and Austrian officials say gang undertaking 3,700-mile second world war victory tour has been reduced to a handful of leather-clad men in rental car.
74 largest terrestrial herbivore species on Earth on the verge of extinction
Changes in the Arctic Ocean are so profound that the region is entering what amounts to a new era, according to Norwegian scientists.
Iran bans devil worshipping haircuts: Hairstyles of a spiky and unorthodox nature have reportedly been banned in Iran because they imply devil-worship, while tattoos and other male bodily adornments also being outlawed.
NATO starts anti submarine exercise in North Sea as tension with Russia rise
Israeli soldiers cast doubt on legality of Gaza military tactics
A third of UK Catholics would make their lifestyle greener if Pope Francis makes an official statement on climate change, a new survey claims
$300/KWh battery-powered electric vehicles hit total-cost-of-ownership parity with gas-powered cars 5 years ahead of schedule. A price of $150/KWh could cause a paradigm shift in vehicle technology, and it may arrive by 2020
Climbing Mount Everest this season is almost impossible because the routes have been damaged by avalanches triggered by last months earthquake, officials in Nepal say.
Costa Rica issues alert over ammonium nitrate spill
British grandmother prepares for execution in Indonesia for being coerced into drug trafficking
Excavations reveal new terracotta army at ancient emperors tomb and are expected to uncover 1200 more of the life sized clay figures
5 year old Israeli was killed by mortar fired from UN facility  ex-IDF chief
Israeli soldiers reveal they were ordered to shoot to kill in Gaza  even if targets were civilians
UN aid worker suspended for leaking report on child abuse by French troops | Anders Kompass said to have passed confidential document to French authorities because of UNs failure to stop abuse of children in Central African Republic
China says climate change threatens major projects. Zheng Guoguang, head of Chinas Meteorological Administration, told the weekly newspaper the Study Times that the uptick in recent weather disasters such as floods, typhoons, droughts and heatwaves had a big connection to climate change
Thousands have protested against Moldovas government, saying it has failed to implement reforms to bring the country closer to the European Union. Protesters also called on the government to investigate the disappearance of $1.5 billion from the state-owned and two private banks
Someone stole $1 billion from Moldova. Thats an eighth of its GDP
Egypt to Rebuild the Lighthouse of Alexandria, One of the Seven Ancient World Wonders
NASAs Radar Found 4 Men Trapped in Rubble in Nepal By Their Heartbeats
North Korea: We dont have political prison camps, because we have no political division.
The discovery of a silver ring with an Arabic inscription in a Viking grave has added credence to the ancient accounts of Arab travellers in their encounters with the Vikings, and points to a fascinating trade and cultural exchange.
Irans Capital Tehran swaps death to America billboards for Picasso and Matisse
United Kingdom Election 2015: Millions begin casting their votes
Saudi Arabia Beheads Five Foreigners, Hangs their Corpses from Helicopter
Canadian government passes new anti terror bill amidst much skepticism
Dolphins hunted to pay for brides - If you want a bride in a few Solomon Island villages, you need to pay with necklaces of dolphins teeth. And the price has shot up alarmingly since 2004, from $0.14 per tooth to $0.68as has the number of dolphins slaughtered for this purpose, scientists report
Selfie attempt by tourist shatters priceless sculpture in Italy
Over 50 Thai police punished over links to human trafficking.
Spy law passes in Canada
Australias supermarkets and farms engaging in labour exploitation; slave-like conditions found.
Child pornography bust spanning 17 countries leads to 41 arrests
Chinese tourist who sat on revolutionary statue becomes first person on countrys National List of Uncivilized Tourist Behavior and will remain blacklisted for 10 years
Four arrested in Germany for terror plot against Muslims: Three men and a woman held for possession of explosives and for planning attacks on mosques and leading Muslim figures
World headed for an El Nino and it could be a big one, scientists say
Global carbon dioxide levels break 400ppm milestone
4,400-year-old statue of Egyptian pharaoh unearthed south of Luxor
Ivory Coast has banned skin-whitening creams, which are widely used in west Africa, because of fears they cause lasting damage to health
Turkey officials confirm pact with Saudi Arabia to help Islamist Insurgents overthrow Syrias Bashar al Assad
Denmark moves closer to a cashless society: The Danish government on Wednesday proposed getting rid of the obligation for selected retailers to accept payment in cash, moving the country closer to a cashless economy.
Japanese zoo apologises for naming its new monkey Charlotte after the new royal princess
Russias new high-tech Armata tank just broke down in the middle of a rehearsal parade
Video: After almost 1,000,000 votes for the UK Green Party and only 1 seat won, their elected Rt. Hon. Caroline Lucas calls for Proportional Representation voting in the UK
For the first time, Ebola has been discovered inside the eyes of a patient just months after the virus was gone from his blood.
Germany has stopped sharing internet surveillance info with the NSA
Nick Clegg, Nigel Farage and Ed Miliband have all quit their Leader positions
Teslas Battery Grabbed $800 Million in Its First Week
Edward Snowden says Australia undertaking dangerous mass surveillance of citizens; criticises metadata laws
Six people, including Norwegian and Philippine ambassadors, killed in Pakistan military helicopter crash
Water similar to life-bearing Earth lakes found on moon of Saturn.
First UK election shock as 20-year old becomes youngest lawmaker since 1667
Report: US drone strike kills man who claimed Charlie Hebdo, kosher market attacks
UK election exit poll predicts Conservatives will be largest party in a hung parliament, with 316 seats to Labours 239
Luxembourg Recognizes Armenian Genocide
Climate change a UN-led ruse, says Tony Abbotts business adviser Maurice Newman
A rising number of people in Turkey believe that free speech and human rights are declining in the country, according to a new survey.
Ecuadors President calls out Brad Pitt for purchasing the movie rights to a book that smears the campaign against Chevrons contamination in the Amazon
Antarctica is melting faster than ever before
Reuters bureau chief died of suffocation in Pakistan
Controversial Bill C-51 (Anti-Terrorism Act) passes in Canadian House of Commons
Election 2015: SNP wins 56 of 59 seats in Scots landslide
Self-Driving Semi-Trucks Could Hit Highways Soon
Climate change a UN-led ruse says Australian PM Abbotts business adviser
Chinese company Tiens Group treats 6,400 workers to four-day Paris holiday
Arrests of Palestinian students by Palestinian security forces over politics worrying: HRW
Captain Kidds treasure found off Madagascar
Al-Qaida leader involved in Charlie Hebdo attack killed
Canada Aboriginals Reject $960 Million Petronas Gas Deal. An aboriginal group along Canadas Pacific Coast turned down Petroliam Nasional Bhd.s offer of C$319,000 ($267,000) for each member as compensation for building a natural gas export terminal on ancestral lands.
North Korean defense chief NOT executed. South Korea redacts earlier statements about the execution.
A Navy nurse who refused to force feed prisoners on hunger strike at the U.S. base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, is no longer facing an administrative discharge over his protest, his lawyer said Wednesday
House votes to stop NSAs phone data collection
Isis Proxy Leader Abu Alaa al Afri, who Stepped in for Injured Baghdadi, Killed in Airstrike
Malaysia and Thailand turn away hundreds on migrant boats: An estimated 6,000 Rohingya Muslims and Bangladeshis are stranded at sea as south-east Asian nations turn back refugees
Researchers estimate over 80% (16 million) of gay men in China marry women due to social pressure
Effective from tomorrow, Emirates SkyCargo will not accept any kind of animal Hunting Trophies for carriage on Emirates services
Female Indonesian military applicants receive two-finger virginity tests to recruit best people
Honeybees dying, situation unheard of
A Canadian Conservative Politician Was Actually a Performance Artist Playing a Decade-Long Prank
French bar owner charged after man dies drinking at least 56 shots
Ancient Palmyra under threat by IS
Vietnam Goes Shopping for U.S. Military Hardware to counter China
Thousands sign petition calling for north of England to be part of Scotland
Saudi Arabia Promises to Match Iran in Nuclear Capability
At least 45 killed in factory fire in Philippines - CNN.com
Israel disappointed after Vatican officially recognizes Palestinian state
Experts demand end to immunity for UN peacekeepers over sex abuse.
Ottawa wants Omar Khadr declared adult offender for throwing grenade in Afghan firefight - killing American medic - when 15 years old: case in Supreme Court
EU plans migrant quotas, Britain opts out - The EU announced a plan on Wednesday to distribute asylum-seekers more fairly around its member states and take in 20,000 more refugees, but Britains newly re-elected Conservative leaders rejected any quota system imposed from Brussels.
Philippine factory fire: Death toll rises to 72
Czechs stopped potential nuclear tech purchase by Iran: sources | The Czech Republic blocked an attempted purchase by Iran this year of a large shipment of sensitive technology useable for nuclear enrichment after false documentation raised suspicions, U.N. experts and Western sources said.
The three Baltic states, Lithuania, Latvia and Estonia, will ask NATO leadership to deploy a permanent brigade in an effort to deter Russia
Indian government may block apps which violates net neutrality
NASA Finds Antarctic Ice Shelf a Few Years From Disintegration
ISIS leader, Baghdadi, says Islam was never a religion of peace. Islam is the religion of fighting. It is the war of Muslims against infidels.
Banks want assurances from U.S. regulators that they will not be barred from certain businesses before agreeing to plead guilty to criminal charges over the manipulation of foreign exchange rates, causing a delay in multibillion-dollar settlements
Scientologists are in Nepal trying to heal trauma victims
Luxembourgs prime minister on Friday becomes the first serving leader in the European Union to marry someone of the same sex, and only the second worldwide  and all in a tiny, mostly Catholic country often considered rather conservative.
AIDS expert flays Kremlin, says Russias HIV epidemic worsening and at least two million Russians are likely to be infected in about five years.
Missing US Huey Helicopter found destroyed in Nepal
China reduces emissions equivalent to entire UK output over first four months of 2015. Coal consumption in China fell by almost eight per cent from the start of the year to the end of April, with CO2 emissions dropping five per cent during the same period compared to the same time in 2014.
Medicine Hat becomes the first city in Canada to eliminate homelessness.
The car-tire-size opah is striking enough thanks to its rotund, silver body. But now, researchers have discovered something surprising about this deep-sea dweller: Its got warm blood. That makes the opah (Lampris guttatus) the first warm-blooded fish every discovered.
PayPal has blocked an account set up by Russian opposition activists to raise funds for a report alleging Russian military involvement in the Ukraine war, citing the political nature of the donation campaign
Peru reopens probe into mass sterilisations - A top law enforcement official in Peru has ordered the reopening and expansion of a criminal investigation into the alleged forced sterilisation of thousands of indigenous people
Brazil beef industry pledges cut Amazon deforestation rate in half
Facebook tramples on European privacy laws: Belgian watchdog
Several Young men were put in jail for three months in Mosul; released with a warning that next time they will be beheaded...Isis says for Muslims shaving beard is Haram
Google to begin testing purpose-built self-driving cars on public roads - Small electric 2-seater pods will take to public roads  but must be fitted with a removable steering wheel and pedals, &amp; limited to 25mph
Palmyra is in danger. As Islamic State fighters clash with Syrian government forces around the historic site, it is worth considering what the loss of this wonder, dubbed the Venice of the Sands, would mean for the worlds cultural heritage.
Russia to prosecute undesirable foreign organisations.
Indias Military Cannot Fight Wars Lasting Longer than 20 Days: A recent report by the Indian government points to an ammunition crisis in the India Army.
THE US consulate in Melbourne has warned citizens that a terrorist attack in Australia is highly likely
Japan recognises Niue as a country with 1,611 inhabitants
Ayatollah Speaks to Teachers, Who Chant: Death to America! Death to England!...Death to Israel!
Mozambique police seize 1.4 tons of poached rhino horn and ivory
US and Cuba to hold talks on opening embassies
Poland Makes Payout to Alleged Victims of CIA Renditions
Saudi Arabia had made the strategic decision to purchase a nuclear weapon from Pakistan amid the ongoing negotiations over Irans nuclear program, a former American defense official said said in a report today in The Sunday Times.
Danish jihadists cashed in on welfare benefits; Thirty-two Danes have collected nearly 400,000 kroner worth of unemployment benefits while fighting in Syria
Fossil fuels subsidised by $10m every minute, says IMF .
Fishermen in Indonesias Aceh province say they have been told by officials not to rescue Rohingya migrants from boats off the coast, even if they are drowning.
Prince Harry calls for U.K. to bring back national service because joining army helped keep him out of trouble
Egyptian judges shot dead in Sinai hours after former president Mohamed Morsi sentenced to death.
Cheap blindness drug should be made widely available, says WHO
The Catholic Church will continue to use a controversial legal defence to block victims of clerical abuse from seeking compensation
FIFA to investigate arrest of BBC journalists in Qatar
Please give us water: The desperate cries of Rohingya and Bangladeshi migrants adrift on boat turned away from Thailand.
Iran says Saudi Arabia should not be hosting Yemen talks since its part of the conflict
Carl Sagans Solar Sail Is Ready For Its First Test Flight
Charlie Hebdo accused of hypocrisy as it suspends journalist after death threats over her articles attacking Islam
US raid in Syria killed 32 IS members, including 4 leaders: monitor
Thousands of people in Ecuador on Saturday planted a total of 647,250 trees in a single day.
Hate preachers and terrorists could be stripped of citizenship under anti-terrorism proposal
Two Russian servicemen arrested in east Ukraine: Ukrainian military
Angela Merkel under pressure to reveal extent of German help for US spying | German chancellor called on to divulge a list of targets, including the IP addresses of individual computers, tracked on behalf of the NSA
China Tells US That Both Countries Can Both Be Pacific Powers
Taiwan Ex-Workers Win Pollution Lawsuit  Taipei District Court rules for workers employed 1970-1992 at Radio Corp of America. It dumped toxic waste, polluting soil &amp; water. Called worst industrial disaster in Taiwans history, it led to alarmingly high reports of cancer among its workers.
Iraqi forces abandon posts in Ramadi
Rhino horn now more valuable than gold, diamonds and cocaine, at $60K a pound making poaching a ultra profitable business.
Israel intercepts 40 diving suits headed for Gaza to be used to build up Hamas naval force.
Another Political Candidate Killed Ahead of Elections in Mexico
US contests Islamic State claim of full control in Ramadi: The loss of the key military base in the city would represent the biggest defeat for the Iraqi government since last summer.
World Cup sponsors urged to bail over horrific treatment of workers in Qatar
ThePirateBay.se and PirateBay.se have been seized
A US appeals court has ruled that YouTube should be allowed to show the uploaded film Innocence of Muslims that sparked outrage in the Arab world in 2012.
Child abuser sentence reduced because 6 year old victim had been already abused before
A Turkish woman who has been taking part in a talent show on national TV has been shot in the head while rehearsing at her home in Diyarbakir, a conservative region in south-east Turkey. Ms Kaya had reportedly received death threats for singing on the show, Sesi Cok Guzel.
Home-brewed morphine made possible - Scientists have figured out how to brew morphine using the same kit used to make beer at home. They have genetically modified yeast to perform the complicated chemistry needed to convert sugar to morphine.
Campaigners say 3,000 workers will die before the 2022 World Cup in Qatar
Bloody, nightmarish scenes: Between 100 and 200 killed in carnage aboard abandoned migrant boat, says survivors who made it to Indonesia
China is planning the first-ever landing on the far side of the Moon
Billionaire Russian businessman found dead outside UK, Surrey home could have been poisoned
Retired Fisheries and Oceans Canada biologist says the muzzling of federal government scientists is worse than anyone can imagine: Steve Campana, known for his expertise on everything from Great white sharks to porbeagles and Arctic trout, says the atmosphere working for federal government is toxic.
Oxford University rules out investing in coal and tar sands. The university, one of the worlds oldest and most prestigious, follows over 200 other organisations who have banned some investments in fossil fuels because of their role in driving climate change.
Moscow Admits Two Fighters Captured in Ukraine Are Ex-Russian Soldiers
Kerry: Internet Needs Rules to Be Able to Flourish and Work Properly, Calls for more international Internet laws
Surrogate father who abandoned baby with down syndrome in Thailand (while taking the healthy twin) tries to access charity funds donated to raise the abandoned boy in Thailand.
Saudi Arabia Is Hiring 8 New Executioners  Saudi Arabia is advertising for eight new executioners, recruiting extra staff to carry out an increasing number of death sentences, usually done by public beheading.
Nigeria: Women and girls captured by Boko Haram subjected to mass rape
Isis seizes Ramadi: Battle now is to defend the road to Baghdad
Trident whistleblower William McNeilly claims it is easier to enter sensitive nuclear weapons installations than most nightclubs
Cuba says conditions favorable for restoring ties with U.S. The so-called interests sections in Washington and Havana would be upgraded to embassies if diplomatic ties were restored.
South Koreas New Law Mandates Installation Of Government-Approved Spyware On Teens Smartphones
Australian cattle being killed with sledgehammers in Vietnam. Vision obtained by animal activists allegedly shows cattle being hit repeatedly to the head to stun them before slaughter, or being killed directly by the sledgehammer blow.
Computer Program to Trawl Social Networks for Russian Opposition Plans: A pro-Kremlin political center has unleashed a computer program that would trawl social networks for chatter about planned unauthorized gatherings and report its findings to Russian authorities
Australian Islamic State recruits want to return to Australia; government has so far denied request
Two schoolgirls abused by 60 men in Aylesbury child sex ring, court hears
Brazil blogger known for reporting on corruption found decapitated
Chinas richest man lost $15 billion in one hour
India wants to know where the $100 billion climate change fund is
Hundreds of tech companies line up to oppose TPP trade agreement
U.S. and Cuba Nearing Deal to Fully Restore Diplomatic Ties
NSA Planned to Hijack Google App Store to Hack Smartphones
U.S. and Israel have worst inequality in the developed world
Australia to Revoke Citizenship of Australian-Born Jihadis
ISIS forces overrun ancient city of Palmyra 2 days after being driven out. City has completely fallen.
Sophisticated Tool Kit Predates Humans: The earliest known stone toolkit could write a whole new chapter in the book of human evolution, especially since the tools were not even made by our genus.
Iran to UN: Israeli defense minister threatened to nuke us
Qatar World Cup: Campaign To Boycott The 2022 World Cup Underway
Leaked Shell Oil documents acknowledge Global Warming is at Twice the International Threshold
Merkel- cant imagine Russia back in G8 until common values met
Ukraine to honor groups that killed Jews in World War II - World
Saudi shells hit Yemen aid office, killing 5 refugees: local official
Net migration to UK reaches 318,000
Mother seeks a groom for her son in Indias first gay marriage advert
Photographs showing a North Korean missile launched from a submarine were manipulated by state propagandists and the country may be years away from developing such technology, analysts and a top U.S. military official said on Tuesday.
Pakistan opens 100MW solar plant, govt plans clean energy drive. Growing economic links with China are helping Pakistan tap into its enormous solar energy potential
China warns U.S. surveillance plane near man made islands
Revealed: BPs close ties with the UK government | Documents show the extent of BPs influence on government policy and how their intimate relationship is at odds with UK commitments to reduce carbon emissions
More than half of Syrias territory is now controlled by ISIS after its westwards advance into the ancient city of Palmyra
Russian President Vladimir Putin has demanded the timely repayment of all debts owed to it by Ukraine while criticising the latters move to impose moratorium on state debt repayment.
Wages paid to illegal immigrants will be confiscated by the police, says David Cameron
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak says the NSA whistleblower gave up his own life . . . to help the rest of us.
FIFA Officials Arrested on Corruption Charges; Face Extradition to U.S.
Scottish Government: creationism banned from science class
UKs biggest male rape charity Survivors UK has state funding slashed to zero despite 120% rise in men reporting sexual violence and seeking help
Fifa took bribes for 2010 World Cup
Vatican says Ireland gay marriage vote is defeat for humanity.
A court in eastern China fined a manufacturer of weed killer 75 million yuan and imprisoned employees of the company and its contractors for discharging wastewater that severely polluted streams.
Israel asking U.S. for 50% increase in next defense assistance package
UK porn filters could be illegal under EU ruling
Parliament in Greenland unanimously approves same-sex marriage
Psychedelic drugs should be legally reclassified, medical uses explored  academics  Psychedelic drugs such as magic mushrooms and LSD should be legally reclassified so researchers can investigate their potential medical uses
1,433 men  including 76 politicians, 43 music stars and 135 TV, film or radio entertainers  have been identified by abuse survivors.
Erdogans palace declared illegal by Turkish court: The Turkish Supreme Court has ruled that the construction of an 1,100-room palace by President Erdogan was illegal. The palace was constructed on protected land.
U.N. Reports About 200 Million Fewer Hungry People Today Than in 1990
U.S. Accuses Soccer Officials of Decades of Rampant, Systemic and Deep-Rooted Corruption
Elons SpaceX Gets Certified For National Security Launches
Hamas used its 2014 Gaza war with Israel to settle scores with rival Palestinians, executing at least 23 and arresting and torturing dozens of others in possible war crimes, Amnesty International said Wednesday.
AdBlock Plus secures another court victory in Germany
Scientists are planning to ship ice to the Antarctic. Theyre afraid that mountain glaciers around the world are melting as a result of climate change and want to store samples of ice in a new vault in the coldest place on Earth.
ISIS most dangerous sniper in Ramadi killed by Iraqi police
Hamas Is Accused of Killing and Torturing Palestinians
Over 70% of Everest glacier may be lost by 2100
Rocket sirens sound in southern Israel, at least one confirmed to not be a false alarm
The world is sinking under too much debt and an ageing global population means countries debt piles are in danger of growing out of control, the European chief executive of Goldman Sachs Asset Management has warned.
Iraqi Militia forces capture 100s of ISIS fighters in Anbar, Ramadi after strategic trap (MIC)
Nigeria Outlaws Female Genital Mutilation
Petition asks US President, Congress, DoD not to bomb Tinian and Pagan islands for military training. The US Navy has plans to bomb these islands as part of a training exercise, obliterating their rare coral ecosystems, wildlife, and important historic artifacts.
Obama Ordered to Release Guantanamo Force-Feeding Video
Erdogan threatens the journalist, who leaked the pictures of weapon delivery to Syria, : He will pay a heavy price for this, I will not leave go of him!  . Journalist replies: The person who committed this crime (weapon delivery) will pay a heavy price. We (turkish people) will not let go of him
Ex-Fifa vice president Jack Warner swallows Onion spoof; Football executive uses story from satirical website as basis for defending Fifa against US
The Canadian Bar Association, representing over 36,000 lawyers, calls on citizens to protest against Bill C-51, which is a threat to the rule of law
Beijing bans smoking in public starting from June 1st.
Saudi Arabia may face 65C (149 Fahrenheit) temperatures during Ramadan
Fifa crisis: South Africa admits $10m football payout
Scientists hail new era for cancer treatment after spectacular drug trials - The treatment, which harnesses the bodys immune system to attack cancerous cells, could replace chemotherapy as the standard treatment for cancer within the next five years, it was suggested.
England should boycott the 2018 World Cup because someone needs to take a stand against corruption in Fifa and military aggression by Russia, Andy Burnham, the favourite to be the next Labour leader, has said.
Nearly 60% of South Koreans view Japan as military threat: joint survey
A pigeon has been arrested in India on suspicion of spying for Pakistan
Lion leaps through car window, killing American tourist in South African park
: Iraqi security forces lost 2,300 Humvee armored vehicles when ISIS overran the northern city of Mosul
Qatar World Cup Now In Doubt, Sepp Blatter Re-Election As FIFA President Causes Major Rifts
Brussels: 30 Muslim girls denied entry to school for wearing long skirts.
Tim Berners-Lee urges Britain to fight snoopers charter | Inventor of world wide web also advised developing world to just say no to Facebooks Internet.org scheme
Stone throwers could be jailed for 10 years under new Israeli bill
Spain to Permanently Host 2,500 US Troops at Moron Air Base
NSA says it will keep phone records even if surveillance program ends
Russia is using fake satellite images to blame Ukraine for the downing of MH17 according to a forensic study by an investigative website
Under Cover Of Conflict, Hamas Killed Palestinians, Amnesty Alleges
Japan Pension System Hacked, 1.25 Million Cases of Personal Data Leaked
Canadas justice minister quits in blow to PM Harper
Japan lowers voting age from 20 to 18.
Sepp Blatter resigns. Calls for new election.
US Officials announce Sepp Blatter under investigation for corruption
Malaysian flight 17 downed by missile, says Russian maker of Buk air defence missile system
English test should be mandatory for people wanting citizenship in Australia, says government MP
Dairy giant Saputo to refuse milk from farmers who mistreat animals; one of largest dairies in world
INTERPOL issues red notices for six former FIFA officials
Obama: World does not believe Israel serious about two-state solution
Fracking is facing resistance in the UK, Germany has placed moratorium on it and theres no way it will take place in France. According to the International Gas Union president, there will be no US-style shale gas revolution in Europe
Edward Snowden: Becoming an international fugitive was worth it, claims NSA whistleblower | American says bringing the activities of global spy agencies to the publics attention has been a great experience that he is actually quite grateful for
CIA sex abuse and torture went beyond Senate report disclosures, detainee says
Indias Minister for Earth Sciences: Its not just another unusually hot summer, it is climate change. Let us not fool ourselves that there is no connection between the unusual number of deaths from the ongoing heat wave and the certainty of another failed monsoon.
New photos of Kim Jong Un show dictators weight gain, raise health concerns
10 more billionaires join Buffett-Gates Giving Pledge
Diphtheria Returns To Spain For Lack of Vaccination
South Korea says it has successfully test-fired two domestically built ballistic missiles that can hit all of North Korea.
Russian-backed militants launched a major attack on the town of Marinka west of Donetsk at dawn on Wednesday, in one of the most serious outbreaks of fighting in eastern Ukraine since a ceasefire was supposed to have come into effect there on February 15.
Id consider assisted suicide if I become a burden to my loved ones, says Professor Stephen Hawking
Three doctors of Doctors Without Border and a pilot were killed in a helicopter crash in Nepal, while they were on a relief mission
Fully dressed and preserved 350-year-old corpse of French noblewoman found
Calls grow for full fossil fuel reckoning. From the International Monetary Fund to doctors, voices calling out the fossil fuel industry over its health costs are becoming louder - and more numerous.
Odds of Qatar Hosting the World Cup Slashed After Blatters Resignation
Kurds, again, not invited to anti-ISIS conference in Paris, France
Nephew of King Felipe shoutingYou shut up, you f***ing chino at theme park after trying to jump queue
Fearing Repeat of Crimea, Baltic States Prepare for Hybrid War With Russia
Members of a U.N. peacekeeping mission engaged in transactional sex with more than 225 Haitian women who said they needed to do so to obtain things like food and medication, a sign that sexual exploitation remains significantly underreported in such missions
History Has Been Made. Female Genital Mutilation Banned In Nigeria.
IMF data shows Icelands economy recovered after it imprisoned bankers and let banks go bust - instead of bailing them out
The biggest leak in Polish history. Thousands of pages of top secret documents from the tapes affair published on Facebook by a Polish businessman relentlessly fighting with corrupt authorities.
Richard Branson grants new fathers at Virgin up to 12 months paternity on full pay
European Parliament TTIP vote cancelled because of huge public pressure.
Canadian Spy Bill C-51 passed by Senate, despite widespread public opposition
Humans to have sex in space for the first time
Saudi Arabia is to lift laws that ban women from travelling without a mans permission
Ontario first in North America to curb bee-killing neonicotinoid pesticides
Australian and New Zealand medicine to cost more and healthcare will suffer under TPP, according to Wikileaks documents
In 1951, 22 Inuit children were taken from their homes by the Danish government in order to serve in a social experiment. Decades later, they demand the apology they were never given.
Isiss dirty bomb: Jihadists have seized enough radioactive material to build their first WMD
In a major shift of strategy in Iraq, the Obama administration is planning to establish a new military base in Anbar Province and send hundreds of additional American military trainers to help Iraqi forces retake the city of Ramadi and repel the Islamic State.
The Secretive Bilderberg Group is bringing together the worlds financial and political elite this week
NASA released a ton of data to help developing nations prepare for global warming
Amnesty International Calls on Obama to Drop Charges Against Edward Snowden
Fake Mobile Phone Towers Operating In The UK
Glitch at the International Space Station on Tuesday caused its position in orbit to change
Overstretched Russian air force suffers three crashes in five days
Ban women from male labs because they are too distracting and cry when criticised, says Nobel prize winner Sir Tim Hunt
FIFA Suspends 2026 World Cup Bid Process
Poll finds half of Gazans want to leave...dissappointed with Hamas
Chimpanzees found to drink alcoholic plant sap in wild
UK oil firm paid Congolese officer who offered bribe to Virunga park ranger - Leaked documents appear to show Soco paid $42,000 to officer who was filmed offering bribes to opponents of oil exploration in DRC national park
Medical marijuana legal in all forms, Supreme Court rules (Canada)
Elon Musks SpaceX Plans To Launch 4,000 Satellites, Broadcasting Internet To Entire World
Global Diabetes Rates Are Rising as Obesity Spreads
Extramarital sex isnt adultery so long as youve paid for it, Japanese court rules
Rupert Murdoch is getting ready to step down as the CEO of 21st Century Fox
Isiss deadliest atrocity: 600 bodies confirmed found following worst massacre by jihadists
Under Kim Jong Un, North Korea Faces Historic Famine As Drought Threatens Crop Production
Corpse Elected Mayor in Mexico - A Dead Man Wins in Cartel Country Enrique Hernndez fought the lawless&amp; the lawbefore he was shot to death at a campaign rally last month. But he wins election from the grave.
Islamic State (IS) fighters have been targeted by other radical Islamist groups in Libya who have now declared a jihad against the extremist group.
With less than 500 dollars and an Internet-powered campaign, 25-year-old Mexican Pedro Kumamoto tapped into discontent with corruption-plagued political parties and makes history as the first independent candidate in Mexico to win an election by popular vote.
Russia is no longer strategic partner of European Union, say Members of the European Parliament (resolution passed by 494 votes to 135, with 69 abstentions)
Australian PM actively trying to reduce growth in renewable energy sector and limit wind farms
Leaked trade deal terms prompt fears for Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme - Documents on the Trans-Pacific Partnership revealed by Wikileaks have revealed draft rules for medicines provided by national health care schemes
Tony Abbott agrees windfarms may have potential health impacts - Bill Shorten accuses PM of hurting investment in renewables as Abbott says his government is working to reduce the number of visually awful turbines
North American scientists call for end to tar sands mining
Fake Mobile Phone Towers Found To Be Actively Listening In On Calls In UK
Turkish President Erdogan:Western countries are backing Syrian Kurds, but they are Terrorists
Bid to block US military plans to turn Pacific islands into simulated war zone
Spanish government to tax consumers who store their own renewable energy
Americans and Canadians, it says, were the only nationalities surveyed in which more than half of those polled believed that their country should take military action if Russia attacked a NATO ally.
Azerbaijan bans The Guardian and other news outlets from reporting on Baku European Games
TTIP vote postponed as European Parliament descends into panic over trade deal
reuters: Saudi Arabia ready to raise oil output further to meet demand
Ancient Church Uncovered During Highway Project in Israel
600 bodies exhumed at ISIL massacre site
A rising tide does not lift all boats: IMF study shows wealth does not trickle-down as many economists believe. IMF recommends countries should concentrate on helping the poorest 20% of citizens.
Millionaires are expected to control nearly half of the worlds personal wealth by 2019
Israel accused of war crime over bulldozing of Palestinian olive groves. They didnt leave me anything, said Sabri Manasra, who said he and a cousin had lost 800 trees. This is damage no one will forget, not my children, or my childrens children. I dont understand how people can do this.
A police force has defended scanning the faces of 90,000 festival-goers this weekend and checking them against a list of wanted criminals across Europe.
16 year old blogger Amos Yee, jailed in Singapore for criticising the government is now the worlds youngest prisoner of conscience
Edward Snowden smeared by UK officials
Accused of publishing government propaganda against NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden, the Sunday Times is using copyright to hit back at its strongest critic.
South Korea to install monitoring app in teenagers phones to block access to undesirable sites.
Russia will add 40 ballistic missiles to nuclear arsenal in 2015 - Putin: More than 40 new intercontinental ballistic missiles able to overcome even the most technically advanced anti-missile defence systems will be added to the make-up of the nuclear arsenal this year,
Bored London man pranks ISIS.
Israeli archaeologists have discovered a rare 3,000-year-old inscription of a name mentioned in the Bible. They said Tuesday it is the first time the name was discovered in an ancient inscription. It is one of only four inscriptions discovered from the biblical 10th century B.C. Kingdom of Judah
Russias Microwave Gun Can Disable Drones, Warheads Up To 6 Miles Away, Official Says
Italy discovers biggest illegal waste dump in Europe
Call me The Shadow, not Bromley Batman: anonymous London vigilante comes forward
A 15-yr-old UK schoolboy has discovered a new planet
Lithuania and Poland are preparing to host US heavy arms as part of an American plan that could see the US station military equipment in Central and Eastern Europe for the first time despite opposition from Russia.
Gap between rich and poor in advanced economies at its highest level in decades.
Pay low-income families more to boost economic growth, says IMF - Study indicates stagnating incomes of the poor and middle classes could have been instrumental in the financial crisis
Zimbabwe ditches its currency: Z$35 quadrillion is now worth US$1
Kurdish fighters cut key supply line to Islamic State capital Raqqa
Egypt Sentences Former President Morsi to Death for Escaping Prison
Secretary says Air Force could send F-22s to Europe to counter Russia
Former FIFA executive Chuck Blazer agreed to go undercover for the US government at FIFA in 2013 to avoid potential 75-year sentence
Further research into the sophisticated computer virus used to hack into hotels where the Iran nuclear talks took place has found it took advantage of digital credentials stolen from the worlds top contract electronics maker Foxconn
Vietnam fishermen attacked by Chinese boats, say reports
Wal-Mart Has $76 Billion in Overseas Tax Havens, Report Says
Pope blasts global warming deniers - The poor and the Earth are shouting.
The water table is dropping all over the world: NASA warns were on the path to global drought
The fight is on to stop an annual Chinese event which is expected to involve the slaughter of more than 10,000 dogs, some of whom are burned or boiled alive.
Stop eating Nutella &amp; save the forests, urges French ecology minister - Sgolne Royal says Nutella is made using palm oil, which is contributing to deforestation, &amp; urges Ferrero to make the spread with other ingredients
Palestinian government to resign within 24 hours
Shock European court decision: Websites are liable for users comments
Robots to 3D-print worlds first continuously-extruded steel bridge across a canal in Amsterdam, heralding the dawn of automatic construction sites and structural metal printing for public infrastructure
The worlds largest underground aquifers  a source of fresh water for hundreds of millions of people  are being depleted at alarming rates, according to new NASA satellite data that provides the most detailed picture yet of vital water reserves hidden under the Earths surface.
Snowdens lawyer says he witnessed Snowden destroy his copy of NSA documents before leaving Hong Kong; slams Sunday Times story
The Dominican Republic is expelling all Dominicans of Haitian descent who cant prove residency.
Child sacrifices continue to rise in Uganda; children are reportedly abducted by witch doctors and others who feel sacrifices will bring them wealth
Hezbollah killed the Leader of the Islamic State for Al Qalamoun, Syria.
The Taliban Tells the Islamic State to Get the Hell Out of Afghanistan
Gay men arrested in Morocco because they stood too close to each other
Scientist just created the coldest substance on Earth
Diseased fish confirm damage to Great Barrier Reef ecosystem, say scientists - New research into reef confirms sediment from coastal agriculture &amp; industry development, such as the dredging for ports, is having an adverse effect on fish
New NASA data show how the world is running out of water
Israel makes historic Temple Mount concessions for Ramadan..easing security checks, hundreds of Gaza visitors
4300 Sikh,Hindu Refugees from Afghanistan &amp; Pakistan Get Indian Citizenship
As Tensions With U.S. Grow, Beijing Says It Will Stop Building Artificial Islands in South China Sea
Open Your Eyes: Israel Releases Cartoon Mocking Foreign Correspondents
Half of the worlds new power capacity came from renewables last year, with China leading the way: Last year, the global economy grew by 3% but emissions stayed flat. This was the first time in at least 40 years that such an outcome has occurred outside economic crisis, the IEA said
Swiss investigating 53 cases of possible money laundering at Fifa
Prosecute sexual offenders, says UN panel | Nations whose peacekeeping troops commit sexual abuse should be named and shamed, according to a UN panel. Its report also recommends that flouter nations be barred from contributing troops to UN missions.
Sweden announces first centre for raped men
US says it will not provide food aid to North Korea during its worst drought in 100 years
Russia warns of risks should Sweden join Nato: A top Russian official has told a leading Swedish newspaper that the country would be likely to face military action if it were to join Nato.
Pork sold by several leading British supermarkets found to be contaminated with a strain of superbug MRSA linked to overuse of powerful antibiotics on factory farms - Some develop skin complaints &amp; the bug can cause life-threatening infections, including pneumonia &amp; blood poisoning
Man in Dubai faces $68,000 fine for Swearing on WhatsApp
All Systems Go for NASAs Mission to Jupiter Moon Europa - Observations of Europa have provided us with tantalizing clues over the last two decades, and the time has come to seek answers to one of humanitys most profound questions.
India Just Upped Its Solar Target Five-Fold, Will Install More Solar This Year Than Germany
Anonymous responsible for massive cyber-attack on Canadian government websites due to the Harper governments controversial bill C-51
China, the United States and India were responsible for nearly 80% of global growth in the first three months of the year
World Hasnt Had So Many Refugees Since 1945, Report Says
Israel Vows to Prevent Massacre of Syrian Druze After Islamist Rebels Surround Village Near Golan Heights
Chad Burqa Ban: Islamic Face Veils Outlawed In Muslim-Majority State Following Boko Haram Suicide Bombings
Some African Countries Are Trying to Use Science to Make Homophobic Laws, Now African Scientists are Pushing Back
Hungary will build a 4 meter high fence along its border with Serbia to stop illegal migrants
Highly significant Spanish Armada cannons discovered off coast of Ireland
Fukushima power plant operator knew of need to protect against tsunami but did not act
Canadian Government Lambasted for Stifling Science and Dissent
British Government dodges Freedom of Information act with automatic 3-month deletion of emails
$1bn has vanished from three of Moldovas leading banks, much of it passing through UK companies.
Honduran soldiers are taking over public hospitals and medicine storage warehouses to guarantee the supply of drugs to patients after a recent fraud and graft scandal rocked the Social Security Institute
France seizes the assets of Russian state-run media
For the first time in modern history, Asia is now richer than Europe. And it is catching up with North America too; by 2019
Speaker of Greek parliament releases debt committee finding that debt is odious and should not be repaid. Prime minister is ready to say the great no and reject any unfair debt deal
EU agrees to extend Russia economic sanctions by six months
Hong Kong Legislature Votes Down Beijing-Backed Election Plan
Poaching has reached an all-time high. 96 elephants are killed a day on average.
Fracking poses significant risk to humans and should be temporarily banned across EU, says new report: A major scientific study says the process uses toxic and carcinogenic chemicals and that an EU-wide ban should be issued until safeguards are in place
New Zealand scientists voice concern over gagging on climate change. When 40 percent of scientists say they are being gagged and cant speak out on issues of public importance, its clear evident something is wrong, Labor science and innovation spokesperson David Cunliffe said in a statement.
Australian senate passes controversial anti-piracy, website-blocking laws
Afghan parliament under attack - BBC News
Giant toxic algae bloom off West Coast may be largest ever:What may be the largest toxic algae bloom ever recorded on the West Coast is poisoning sea lions in Washington State and shutting down fisheries as far north as B.C.
Spanish town Camp Kill Jews officially changed name
Pope asks: Why didnt Allies bomb railway lines to Auschwitz?
India has trained dozens of German Shepherds to protect its tigers
German MP suggests countrys army should have enough equipment - a tank battalion with no tanks is not a tank battalion
Russia demonstrates first microwave gun that can disable drones and missiles from up to six miles away at Army-2015
Thousands of people formed human chains in cities across Spains wealthy northern Basque Country on Sunday to call for the right to hold a regional referendum on independence
Snapshot Sleuthing Confirms Russian Military Presence In Ukraine
EU extends sanctions on Russia
UK government study: Society on course for collapse by 2040. Backed by Lloyds of London study showing possibility of acute disruption to the global food supply. in the near future
China has opened a new, safer and more convenient route for Indians undertaking the arduous Kailash-Manasarovar Yatra as the first batch of pilgrims crossed the Indian border and entered Tibet via Nathu La, in the latest confidence-building measure between the two neighbours.
The United States and its allies wont let Russia drag us back to the past, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter said in an address in Berlin on Monday, as he accused Moscow of trying to re-create a Soviet-era sphere of influence.
Australia bans more than 240 games in six months
Hamas praises heroic stabbing, but avoids responsibility - 18-year-old assailant Yasser Tarwa shown on terror groups website brandishing its paraphernalia
Chinese woman pays to rescue 100 dogs from meat festival
Germany frees al-Jazeera reporter Ahmed Mansour
After 3-year hiatus, Egypt appoints new ambassador to Israel
Across Europe, protesters call for solidarity with Greece | Brussels and Amsterdam have joined London, France, Germany and Italy in hosting mass rallies in support of cash-strapped Greece. Demonstrators said the financial sector must take responsibility for the damage it caused.
Canadian mining company dumps toxic waste into Mexican river: While the company has denied the spill is toxic, a state environmental body says the corporation will face fines for contamination.
Lithuania hasnt decided on arms supply to Ukraine, prime minister says
Doctors have voted overwhelmingly to urge the UK Government to remove health and social care services (the NHS) from a controversial trade agreement between the EU and United States (TTIP) | Doctors warned the deal would open up the health service to privatisation by US firms
New Pentagon manual declares journalists can be enemy combatants
Isis crucifies children for not fasting during Ramadan in Syria - The extremist groups religious police force is reportedly brutally enforcing fasting for the Muslim holy month in its territories
Australian land the size of England hits market for $325 million - the biggest property sale on Earth
Conditions So Bad at London Prison, Staff Doesnt Bother Cleaning Bloodstained Cells and Beds
Holocaust memorial vandalized two weeks after unveiling in Greece
Turkey Reacts Angrily to Belgian Prime Ministers Recognition of Armenian Genocide
UK parties paid for fake supporters during general election
U.S. data hack may be 4 times larger than the government originally said
Google eavesdropping tool installed on computers without permission
The Demand for Sand is so High There are Illegal Sand Mining Operations - The clamor for sand is so great, that organized crime has sprung up around sand mining. The sand mafias in India are particularly prevalent. Only certain kinds of sand are sought &amp; mining it causes problems.
Kurdish forces announce capture of ISIS military base in Syria
Commercial fisherman catches a 6.5 Metre, 3 Tonne Basking Shark; Instead of selling the fins for profit, donates the whole specimen to Melbourne Museum.
Egypt army digs trench along Gaza border to prevent smuggling
Yulin dog meat festival: Woman travels 1,652 miles to save as many dogs as she can.
30 killed at crowded mosque by 2 young female suicide bombers in northeast Nigeria
Officer who tazed and killed Polish immigrant in Vancouver airport sentenced to 30 months for perjury and collusion
Chiles largest city shuts down as smog causes environmental emergency Authorities have recommended Santiagos 7 million residents avoid outdoor activity, closed 1,300 businesses and ordered 1.7m vehicles off the streets
The mighty lion, reclusive cave crabs and the worlds rarest sea lion are among nearly 23,000 species at risk of dying out, a top conservation body warned
Nearly 700 people have died over past 4 days as a result of Karachis heatwave
60 million kids live without their parents in China.
To thwart and extract hacks from anti-virus software companies, the spy agencies reverse engineered software, intercepted email and spied on web traffic. Kaspersky Lab was a major target. The result was potentially a gold mine of exploits.
China aims to challenge U.S. air dominance: Pentagon - China quickly closing the technological gaps, developing radar-evading aircraft, advanced reconnaissance planes, sophisticated missiles and top-notch electronic warfare equipment
Afghan Soldier Kills 6 Terrorists, Wins New Apartment
Medical technology that could eliminate need for animal testing wins design award | Revolutionary Organs-on-Chips could change the way pharmaceutical trials are conducted
Man beheaded and Islamist flag raised in Grenoble, France
Attack On Tourist Hotel In Tunisia
Vatican Formally Recognizes Palestinian State by Signing Treaty
South Korea tells North Korea it cant have both guns and butter and urges nuclear talks
Explosion hits Shia mosque in Kuwait during Friday prayers
Over 1,000 killed by Pakistan heat wave: There is no space left ... to keep the dead bodies
German politicians sound alarm after weedkiller found in breast milk
Islamic State kills at least 145 civilians in Syrias Kobani: monitor
33,000 Russian soldiers practiced a military takeover of the Baltic Sea and part of Sweden in March this year, a new report shows
Sir Tim Hunts claims that remarks on girls in science were not sexist are backed by leaked EU report
India wants to build 100 smart cities. Residents just want water and power.
BBC publishes links forgotten by search engines
Brazilian police officer caught on camera shooting two fallen teenage suspects point-blank
A British Neo-Nazi Tried To Kill A Sikh Dentist in Revenge for Muslim Attacks
Exclusive: Saudi Arabia Is Thwarting the Distribution of Emergency UN Aid in Yemen
Chinese market selling 40 year old meat. Police discovered 483 million worth in storage.
Hackers Stole Secrets of U.S. Government Workers Sex Lives
Putin Breaks Silence With Call to Obama Touching on Ukraine and ISIS
Yara Sallam, was arrested on june 21, 2014 for protesting against an anti-protest law. Yara is a 29-year-old womens human rights defender from Egypt.
Sepp Blatter: I did not resign  Im not ready for the museum or a waxwork
Burundi vice president flees, students break into US embassy
Scottish wind farms power almost a million homes in record first quarter. First three months of 2015 saw wind farms produce enough electricity to power 960,000 Scottish households for a year, but subsidy cuts threaten potential, minister warns
GCHQ monitored own staff excessively
Great Barrier Reef water quality to be monitored in real time in pollution crackdown
Canada does not have right weapons to help Ukraine, defence minister reveals
US now has more Spanish speakers than Spain  only Mexico has more
At least 116 feared dead in after Indonesian military plane crashes into a major city
ISIS just executed its top official in Mosul for planning a coup
The remains of an unidentified sea animal with fur on its tail have been washed ashore in the Far East. Found near the airport at Shakhtersk, on Sakhalin Island, its appearance is unlike anything ever found in Russia.
1,000 runners get norovirus after French mud run
Saudi comedian gets death threats for satirizing IS
ISIS executes women by beheading for the first time for sorcery in Syria
South Sudan army raped and then burned girls alive, says UN
Australia bans 220 videogames in four months as Government adopts new classification model
New WikiLeaks Documents Reveal NSA Spied On Top French Companies
Russia to review 1991 decision to recognise independence of Baltic states
CIA photos of black sites could complicate Guantanamo trials | Military prosecutors this year learned about a massive cache of CIA photographs of its former overseas black sites while reviewing material collected for the Senate investigation of the agencys interrogation program, officials said
Liberia: 17 year old Boy dies of Ebola seven weeks after WHO declared Country Free of Virus
Tunisia hotel attack: Armed police were paralysed by fear and let gunman run amok for half an hour, says witness
EU agrees to eliminate roaming charges but net neutrality rules disappoint
Almost a third of Chinas Great Wall has disappeared: Natural erosion, damage from tourists and people stealing bricks to build houses mean estimates of the walls length now vary from 9,00021,000 km
South Sudans army raped then torched girls alive inside their homes during a recent campaign notable for its new brutality and intensity, a U.N. rights report said Tuesday.
China says wants Greece in euro zone, pledges EU infrastructure investment
Greece proposes 2 year bridge loan and restructuring of debt to Eurogroup
Israel considering leaving UN Human Rights Council
NSA wiretapped two French finance ministers: Wikileaks
Afghans Protest After U.S. Forces Carry Out Raid on Strongman - The raid demonstrated that American troops in Afghanistan, months after President Obama declared their regular combat mission over, are engaged beyond their publicly stated role of advising the Afghan forces...
Hamas Shuts Offices of Gazas Sole Cellular Operator
Mexico wont send candidate to Miss Universe over Trump comments-Televisa
Russia Beats Saudi Arabia to Become Chinas Top Oil Supplier
Cuba first to eliminate mother-to-baby HIV transmission: World Health Organization hails one of the greatest public health achievements possible, five years into regional initiative
Australias largest woodlands will not be protected if it prevents mining - Any sort of recognition which would put constraints on mining would be absolutely devastating, Western Australia mining minister Bill Marmion says
Greece becomes first developed nation to default on international obligations
Hillary Clinton was repeatedly pressured by Cherie Blair to meet a leading Qatari royal during her time as US secretary of state, according to newly released emails that raise fresh questions about the lobbying activities of all three political families.
The Islamic State has expanded its reach to Russia after it declared a governorate in the countrys North Caucasus region last week.
Russia shuts off gas supply to Ukraine
Australian Border Force Act could see immigration detention centre workers jailed for whistleblowing - anyone working at detention centres who reports on child abuse, sexual assault or other abuse can be imprisoned for two years
All children with cancer to be given free health care cards, starting tomorrow [ireland]
Cameron reaffirms there will be no safe spaces from UK government snooping
Puerto Rico sales tax to increase by 4-and-a-half percent after US refuses bail out.
U.S. and Cuba to announce embassy openings
President Obama announces Havana embassy opening
Norway wants $5.1m from Catholic church for fraud
Australia: Victorian state to ban smoking in all prisons, riots break out
Terror attack in West Bank: Four Israelis wounded in shooting. This is 6th terror attack in 10 days of Ramadan
The Intercept publishes 48 top-secret and other classified documents about XKEYSCORE which shed new light on the breadth, depth and functionality of this critical spy system  one of the largest releases yet of documents provided by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden.
India reduces open defecation by 31 per cent: UN report
Secret IMF documents: Austerity measures would still leave Greece with unsustainable debt. Secret documents show Greece would face an unsustainable level of debt by 2030 even if it signs up to the full package of tax and spending reforms demanded of it.
The US Navy is testing a submarine hunting drone ship
Humans causing catastrophic ecosystem shifts, study finds
Up to 60 Soldiers Killed In Egypts North Sinai by ISIS Affiliated Militants
Australian asylum seeker detention staff challenge government to prosecute them under new draconian secrecy law despite threats of imprisonment, standing by; watching child abuse and gross violations of human rights is not ethically justifiable
Hamas claims responsibility for West Bank attack.
The Great Barrier Reef will not be listed as endangered but will remain under watch, UNESCO has ruled.
In a Bid to Modernize its Railways India will invest $120 billion in it over the next five years.
Report: 45 ISIS fighters die after eating poisoned iftar meal
Hackers give orders to German missile battery - German-owned Patriot missiles stationed in Turkey were briefly taken over by hackers
ISIS has cut off water supplies to the Mesopotamia Marshlands after capturing dams along the Euphrates River destroying wildlife and the livelihoods of the local people.
Over two dozen people with ties to Indias $1-billion exam scam have died mysteriously in recent months
No alien life on Philae comet: A sensational claim that ESAs Philae spacecraft has landed on a comet teeming with life doesnt hold water
Peshmerga stop 600-strong ISIS attack south of Kirkuk
Hackers steal data from a company that...hacks people and sells hacking software to governments.
Two women on trial in Morocco on charges of gross indecency for wearing skirts
Cleric said to be behind Tunisian beach massacre is living on benefits in Britain
Beach body ready advert not offensive, rules watchdog: A weight-loss product advert featuring a bikini-clad model asking Are you beach body ready? was not offensive or irresponsible, the watchdog has ruled.
Thousands March in Toronto, Urge Canada to Turn Away From a Fossil Fuel Economy
Hundreds of members of the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender community filed an unprecedented request Tuesday with the Japan Federation of Bar Associations (JFBA) in a bid to legalize same-sex marriages, saying Japans failure to recognize the practice constitutes a violation of human rights.
As many as 50 women have described harrowing tales of abuse they allegedly suffered while students at a Sydney girls college, one claiming she was raped in the schools sandstone dungeon.
Egyptians lambast ugly new Nefertiti statue - Unveiling of an ugly copy of a famously beautiful bust of Queen Nefertiti causes Egyptians to mock authorities as well as current state of art in country.
48 hours to keep Greece in euro
Koreas first ever equal marriage lawsuit has begun
Greece will not be getting any more cash from the ECB
Greece arrives at Eurogroup meeting with no new proposals or requests
AUSTRALIA- Fast food giant McDonalds has introduced new menu boards that make it harder to see and compare the calories in its products, disappointing health advocates and potentially breaching food labelling laws.
Greeces growing political and economic problems have its small neighbor Macedonia sensing an opportunity to push hard for joining NATO, a move that has been stalled for years thanks to Athens opposition because of disputes over Macedonias name.
Explosives stolen from French army base
At least 14 killed in Kenya attack on a residential building.
Russians Rally in Support of U.S. Teacher Sentenced for Sex With Teens: Twenty-two years for a woman who helped three mature male students start their adult lives.
A massive airstrike by the Saudi-led coalition targeting rebels hit a local marketplace in Yemen, killing over 45 civilians on Monday, security officials and eyewitnesses said.
Egypt killed 241 Sinai militants in five days, army says
FIFA imposes lifetime ban on former member, informant, and whistle blower, Chuck Blazer
Saudi comedian gets death threats and huge ratings for TV show that mocks ISIS
Exxon knew of climate change in 1981, email says  but it funded deniers for 27 more years
Pluto has a heart! NASA reveals most detailed photograph of the former planet
Hit by drought and seawater, Bangkok tap water may run out in a month
Londons Underground system at standstill due to biggest strike in more than a decade
Poorer than Greece:the EU countries that reject a new Athens bailout
Surveillance company loses control of flagship spy program: Hacking Team - We believe this is an extremely dangerous situation
Microsoft hangs up on Nokia business, to cut 7,800 jobs
Irans Revolutionary Guards: Destruction of Israel is Islamic Worlds Top Priority
Malaysian government pulls phoenix from MH370 search. Currently 50,000km2 of seafloor has been searched of the proposed 120,000km2.
Pakistan warns India, says can use nuclear weapons if needed
Russia unveils straight pride flag
More than four million Syrians have now fled war and persecution
ISIS Leaders Reported Killed in Drone Strike in Afghanistan
Former Italian PM Silvio Berlusconi has been found guilty of bribing a senator in 2006 in an attempt to bring down the then centre-left government.
Hamas has been holding an Israeli citizen captive, against his will, in Gaza for nearly a year
The Rapid Action Battalion  described by Human Rights Watch as a death squad that has perpetrated systematic abuses over more than a decade  wanted to see a practical demonstration of Hacking Teams surveillance equipment
Duma Approves Construction of $4 Billion Kerch Bridge to Crimea
Ukraine Banks Seek Compensation From Russia for Crimean Losses
Declassified UK documents reveal Greece planned Cyprus invasion in 1983. The concerns were great enough for the foreign secretary of the time, Geoffrey Howe, to instruct British diplomatic missions to lobby six Muslim-majority countries against recognizing the new state.
France says No to Greek euro exit, Prime Minister Valls
The forgotten war on Yemen has left 80% of the population without basic survival needs like food and water
A titanic row between Samsung and a hedge fund run by an American Jew sparks anti-Jewish assault in South Korean media
Ancient Ritual Bath Found Under Unsuspecting Familys Floorboards
Pirate Bay Founders Acquitted in Criminal Copyright Case
BMW has just put the first 100% all electric 18 wheeler out on the road in Germany
Pope Francis warns against new forms of colonialism: Human beings and nature must not be at the service of money. Let us say no to an economy of exclusion and inequality, where money rules, rather than service. That economy kills. That economy excludes. That economy destroys Mother Earth.
71% of the worlds population lives on less than $10 a day
Pope begs forgiveness for sins and offences of church against indigenous of America
UK to ban WhatsApp under snoopers charter law.
Pope accuses world leaders of cowardice
Wind power generates 140% of Denmarks electricity demand
Bodies of WWII US Marines recovered in Pacific.
Its too late to stop the seas rising at least 5 metres and only fast, drastic action will avert a 20-metre rise
Cant stop an adult from watching porn in his room: Supreme Court of India
BBC documentary translates Gaza children saying Jews as saying Israelis
Ethiopia has been voted the worlds best tourism destination for 2015, for its excellent preservation of humanity landmarks such as the ruins of the city of Aksum, and Fasil Ghebbi, which served as the residence of the Ethiopian emperors during the 16th and 17th century.
UK urges Britons to leave Tunisia as further terrorist attack is highly likely - BBC News
Fossil fuel companies have been lying about climate change for more than 30 years.The fossil fuel industry has waged a campaign to obfuscate and mislead the public on the science surrounding climate change
Chanting Death to Israel, millions march in Iran on al-Quds Day
Greek Plan Accepts Austerity to Get Debt Relief
Even if world manages to limit global warming to 2C  the target number for current climate negotiations  sea levels may still rise at least 6 meters (20 feet) above their current heights, radically reshaping the worlds coastline and affecting millions in the process.
First Sighting of Drachma in the Wild, Via Credit-Card Mystery
Australian law enforcement and intelligence services have been in secret talks with an Italian-based surveillance company notorious for helping repressive states like Sudan spy on their own citizens, according to leaked emails published by Wikileaks.
Exclusive: Japan interested in joining NATO missile consortium
Two heads are better than one, and three monkey brains can control an avatar better than any single monkey. For the first time, a team has networked the brains of multiple animals to form a living computer that can perform tasks and solve problems.
Ukraine offers huge state firms to foreign investors
7.0 Earthquake strikes offshore of the Solomon Islands
Pope calls for new economic order, criticizes capitalism
Beijing effectively bans Tibetans and other ethnic minorities from obtaining passports, Human Rights Watch said Monday, amid a surge in Chinese tourists travelling abroad
Climate change must be taken as seriously as nuclear war, says UK foreign minister
Russia advances 2km into Georgian territory: a portion of the BP-operated BakuSupsa Pipeline in Georgia now ... under Russian control
Israel arrests Jewish suspects over torching famous church
Lithuania to remove remaining Soviet-era statues in capital
Eurozone agreement on Greece debt
Chad police: Anyone wearing face veils will be arrested
Doctors demand a 20% tax on sugary drinks to fight UK obesity epidemic
Thundersnow, the rarest phenomenon in Australian weather, just happened.
An anti-Islam nationalist group that has aligned itself with neo-Nazis and other far-right organisations says it will hold Australias biggest ever patriot rally at Melbournes Parliament House next weekend.
Kurdistan Workers Party declares end of ceasefire with Turkey, mobilizes guerrillas
President Vladimir Putin says Russia is interested in using national currencies with other BRICS [Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa] members after agreeing on such an arrangement with China.
Sea bass stocks on brink of collapsing - The stock is in rapid decline, &amp; much more needs to be done - &amp; urgently - to prevent this iconic &amp; important fishery from collapsing. Call for temporary fishing ban if EU agreement to manage critically low stocks cant be reached.
Your gun laws are a mistake: National Rifle Association to Australia
Mexican president expropriates indigenous land for highway: Activists expressed outrage and launched an online campaign after government trucks and construction vehicles entered this weekend protected lands of one of Mexicos indigenous communities in order to build a highly controversial highway.
Greek crisis: surrender fiscal sovereignty in return for bailout, Merkel tells Tsipras
Greeks Face Humiliating Demands As Twitter Says #ThisIsACoup
Kuwait announces mandatory DNA database for its citizens
Ukraine government in armed standoff with nationalist militia
Successful Icelandic Pirate MP resigns from Parliament and goes back to mixing asphalt
Scientists use nanoparticles to shut down mechanism that drives cancer growth. shutting down Twist expression enabled cancer cells to overcome their resistance to cancer drugs
High-Profile Tibetan Monk Dies In Prison In China
Ethiopian LGBT Activist Banned by Facebook Under Real Name Policy
Six Tropical Cyclones At Once in the Pacific Ocean on July 12
Orangutan escapes from zoo by using blanket as a leverage to break its enclosures.
Hadron collider discovers new particle the pentaquark
Germany encourages pedophilies to sign up for confidential treatment, even if they have abused a child, and doctors are hailing it as a success.
Kim Jong Un phasing out worship of father, grandfather and stripping military of power, analysts say
Why was Oscar-winning Snowden documentarian detained 50+ times in US airports?
Iranian diplomat: Iran, major powers reach historic nuclear deal.
Thousands of people in Bangladesh are demanding justice for a teenage boy who was beaten to death by a group of men who filmed themselves laughing and jeering as they carried out the attack.
The goal to get HIV treatment to 15 million people by the end of 2015 has already been met, says the United Nations Aids agency. The landmark figure was reached in March - nine months ahead of schedule.
A project to build a $200 DIY Wi-Fi router to help whistleblowers hide online just disappeared under bizarre circumstances
Australia has asked the United Nations to set up an international criminal tribunal to try those responsible for shooting down the Malaysian Airlines flight MH17.
JAPAN- Nangka is a powerful typhoon, heading for Japan and is expected to continue to strengthen over the warm waters of the Pacific Ocean through midweek, approaching super typhoon intensity.
An Australian judge has accused WikiLeaks of a clear and deliberate breach of the law with its online publication last year of a suppression order issued to prevent world leaders being named in a corruption case.
Kuwait has passed a law making it mandatory for all its 1.3 million citizens and 2.9 million foreign residents to have their DNA entered onto a national database.
Two Morocco women have been acquitted of indecency charges after they went on trial for wearing short skirts, their lawyer says.
3,000 killed in Yemen in first 100 days of Saudi-led bombing, half civilians
An Australian state is considering banning tobacco sales to anyone born after 2000.
Google maps updates name of disputed South China Sea shoal; removes Chinese name for the reef following online petition
New Horizons: Probe sends detailed view of Pluto
News about an imminent mini ice age is trending - but its not true
Burka ban: In wake of market bombing, Chad warns anyone in full veil will be arrested on sight
Liberia confirms new Ebola case as outbreak spreads, nearly two months after declared Ebola-free by the UN
Pope of the Poor Francis apologizes for overlooking middle class woes
Italys public debt hits new record
China says 75 percent of cities failed to meet air standards in June. Last year, nearly 90 percent of Chinas 74 big cities failed to meet air quality standards.
Israel: Five senior officers under investigation over Gaza war
UN calls on Palestinians to provide information on missing Israelis
British Columbia has a strong appetite for marijuana reform with more than 70% of respondents to a new poll urging either legalization or decriminalization. The Insights West survey found 67% said they support outright legalization, 28% opposed it and 5% were undecided.
Japan: Elderly overtake teenagers in crime figures
Canada ranked as most admired country in the world
Stop Everything: Theres a New Seaweed That Tastes Like Bacon and Is Better for You Than Kale
Cuba is prepared to break with the contentious past and peacefully coexist with the United States, Cuban President Raul Castro said on Wednesday as the two former adversaries are set to restore diplomatic ties
Ireland passes law allowing trans people to choose their legal gender: Trans people should be the experts of our own gender identity. Self-determination is at the core of our human rights.
Greek Parliament passes austerity bill
Angela Merkel tells sobbing asylum seeker why she cannot stay in Germany
A trove of thousands of Saudi documents recently released by WikiLeaks reveals in surprising detail how [Saudi Arabias] goal in recent years was not just to spread its strict version of Sunni Islam  though that was a priority  but also to undermine its primary adversary: Shiite Iran.
Chinese workers go faceless for a day to avoid stress of faking facial expressions
North Korea Has Invited Every Member of Congress to Tour Its Alleged Anthrax Facility.
US says it is ready to engage North Korea in authentic, credible negotiations after Iran Nuclear Deal
Never-before-seen footage reveals Russian-backed rebels arriving at the wreckage of MH17
Rich countries rejected an international plan to let the UN help fight tax evasion: Transparency advocates tell Quartz that the US was particularly responsible for blocking the provision; Treasury Department officials in Washington and with the delegation did not respond to requests for comment.
Rome is on the verge of collapse, says the citys chamber of commerce president. It is unacceptable that a major city which calls itself developed can find itself in such a state of decay.
Greeks take to streets against barbaric bailout armed with petrol bombs, in most violent protest in two years
Too young to wed: Malawi chief sends married children back to school -- A Malawi chief took bold steps to address child marriage in her community, reflecting the slow but steady progress against the practice in Malawi and worldwide.
Steel is now cheaper than cabbages in China.
2 million feral cats to be killed in Australia
Major pharma and finance corporations dramatically boosted lobbying efforts to support TTIP
Putin tells Dutch PM on the anniversary of Malaysian Airlines Flight 17 crash that an international tribunal to try those responsible for shooting down the plane would be counter-productive
Iran nuclear deal: 99% of world agrees says Obama
Huge explosion at petrochemical plant in Shandong, China
Italy takes step toward legalizing pot: Even members of Prime Minister Matteo Renzis party voted for the measure, a first step toward full legalization.
Obama: Its My Iran Deal or War
Stephen Hawking announces $100 million hunt for alien life
US, Cuba restore full diplomatic relations after 54 years
Dozens dead after terror attack in Turkey - CNN.com
India blocks Colgate patents for spices that are commonly used at homes
Marijuana could be used to treat fractured bones, new study finds. The bones not only healed quicker, but were also stronger and more resilient against a repeated fracture
Nobel prize winning economist Paul Krugman, a vocal supporter of Athens in their long-running bailout saga, said Sunday that he may have overestimated the competence of the Greek government
Cuban flag will be raised over what is to once again become Cuban embassy on Monday
North Korea reports 99.97% turnout in local elections
Australias 60 Minutes makes special on UKs VIP paedophiles
Australias war on wind farms threatens biggest renewable project
Banknotes thrown at Sepp Blatter during news conference
Town Shames ISIS Chief Cersei Lannister-Style -- and Then Executes Him
Report: ISIS steps up use of chemicals on battlefield
Ikea to pay UK workers more than living wage in 2016
New UAE Anti-Discriminatory Law criminalises acts that insult religion through speech, written word, books, pamphlets or online media. 10 years jail time for discrimination crimes.
Frances President Hollande calls for Eurozone Government
Australian mining companies linked to hundreds of deaths across Africa
Almost 9,500 people in London had their lives cut short by air pollution in 2010, accounting for a fifth of all deaths in the city that year.
Japanese pensioners are committing more crimes than teenagers
Climate change found to increase human conflict and violence.Changes in temperatures and precipitation patterns systematically increase the risk of both inter-personal violence .
A former Yugoslav general was arrested in Montenegro on Sunday on suspicion of having committed war crimes in the 1990s. Serbian Borislav Djukic, 66, was arrested, on a warrant issued by Croatia, at Tivat airport as he was about to board a plane for Belgrade
US friendly fire kills up to 10 Afghan soldiers
Russia Orders Submarine-Killer Be-200 Amphibious Aircraft For Production By 2020, Official Says
UN Security Council unanimously endorses Iran nuclear deal
ISIS destroys Ramadi Stadium in Iraq
American dentist named as the hunter that killed beloved Cecil the lion.
Billionaire hedge fund managers have called on Puerto Rico to lay off teachers and close schools so that the island can pay them back the billions it owes. It accused the island, where 56% of children live in poverty, of spending too much on education
U.S. drops bid for 2024 Olympics in Boston
Porn websites visited 250,000 times on UK parliament computers
Canadian Conservative MPs block their own Finance Minister from presenting a report about the Canadian economy.
Prime Minister John Key has admitted that New Zealand will have to pay more for medicines if it signs up to the Trans Pacific Partnership but he says this was unlikely to affect consumers.
DNA discovery: Modern Amazonians linked to indigenous Australians
Killing of Cecil the lion prompts calls for EU ban on importing lion trophies: Zimbabwes famous lion was lured out of a national park, killed, beheaded and skinned. Over 200 lions are legally killed and turned into trophies and sent to Europe every year
Jehovahs Witnesses did not report 1006 alleged sex abusers to police
Apple, Microsoft, Google and other US firms to commit $140bn to address climate change
Facing corruption scandal, Malaysian PM fires officials investigating him
950 million Android phones can be hijacked by malicious text messages
Swiss officials have issued a formal apology after it emerged army helicopters had crossed the border with France on Thursday in an unexpected incursion to draw water for thirsty Swiss cows.
Senior London Shia scholar declares jihad against extremism, against the forces misusing the name of Islam; against ISIS
Anonymous releases hacked CSIS document after members death, threaten to leak stunning secrets
Insulting statues of rat bankers have appeared in London
Members of an isolated indigenous group made contact over the weekend with villagers in Perus Amazon basin seeking food and supplies
Philip Morris sues Australian Government over plain packaging laws
North Korean authorities going house-to-house in search to destroy banned music CDs and tapes
40 Percent of the Worlds Adults Have Never Heard of Climate Change
LGBT hate speech to be outlawed in Poland for the first time
Obama condemns African leaders who wont give up power
NATO holding rare emergency meeting at Turkeys request
The UK government spent 13 times more bombing Libya than securing peace in the years afterwards - 450m versus 35m
Libya: Moammar Gadhafis son Saif al-Islam sentenced to death
Dentist who killed Cecil the lion faces calls for prosecution - US uproar over death of protected animal forces Walter Palmers practice to close, as two others attend Zimbabwean court to face poaching charges.
US bans cilantro imports from Mexican farms littered with feces &amp; toilet paper - 5 of 8 Puebla farms found with objectionable hygiene conditions have been linked to recurrent outbreaks of cyclosporiasis in US since 2012
Saudi Arabian royals who annexed an entire public beach for their stay on the French Riviera ordered local police not to allow female officers near them
A US-led raid on the compound housing the Islamic States chief financial officer produced evidence that Turkish officials directly dealt with ranking ISIS members
Iran has completely cut off its financial aid to the Palestinian militant group Hamas
Obama tells African leaders no one should be president for life
British Police admit giving up enforcing cannabis laws
Northern white rhino dies, leaving only 4 left on Earth: Nabir, a 31-year-old female northern white rhino, died of a ruptured cyst, leaving only three females and one male of this subspecies alive.
For 110 days and across two seas and three oceans, Sea Shepherd crews stalked a fugitive fishing ship considered the worlds most notorious poacher.
Secrecy around TPP trade deal fuels suspicions, worries. Higher costs for needed generic drugs. Longer copyright protections than the global standard. Foreign investors empowered to overrule governments. A more tightly-regulated internet.
Senior Western official: Links between Turkey and ISIS are now undeniable
Tony Abbott wrong on coal being good for humanity, Oxfam report finds - Report says Australia must embrace renewables &amp; coal exacts an enormous toll on health, drives climate change &amp; is ineffective in delivering electricity to worlds poor
Former Kremlin banker: Putin is the richest person in the world until he leaves power
ISIS preparing to attack India to provoke confrontation with the US, says report
Trans-Pacific Partnership: TPP Trade Deal Hits Stumbling Blocks In The Final Lap Of Negotiations
Secret TPP Talks Continue at a Luxury Hotel in Hawaii as the Deal Grows More Controversial
Curved London Death Ray skyscraper, previously blamed for igniting fires with reflected solar heat, now stands accused of creating urban wind tunnels and blowing over pedestrians
Some 2,000 migrants tried to enter the Channel Tunnel terminal in Calais on Monday night in an attempt to reach the UK, operator Eurotunnel has said
The Entire Country of Sri Lanka is About to Get Balloon-Based Internet, Thanks to Google
Two students have found a human tooth from about 560,000 years ago in a famous prehistoric cave in southwestern France, a discovery praised by archaeologists as the oldest human body part ever discovered in the country and being rare from that period in Europe
Supreme Court of India : 24 weeks pregnant rape victim can undergo abortion if doctors permit.
China adds 9.16 GW of grid-connected wind power in H1
Taliban leader Mullah Omar is dead - BBC News
As Yemenis Starve, Saudi Arabia is Accused of War Crimes in the Country
PKK blows up two bridges in Turkey
Mexican missing student activist who led search parties after the disappearance of 43 students is killed.
China, Russia and the U.S. are developing and testing controversial new capabilities to wage war in space despite their denial of such work
Zimbabwe lifts ban on lion hunts
South Korea on Monday accused North Korea of planting landmines that maimed two soldiers on border patrol, sending military tensions on the Korean peninsula soaring as it threatened to make Pyongyang pay a harsh price
Scientists discover cannabis in tobacco pipes excavated from William Shakespeares garden - Scientists from South Africa have excavated 400-year-old tobacco pipes from Shakespeares garden and found them to contain cannabis residue.
TPP Almost Ready but Stalled in Hawaii, Leaks Tell us More
Dutch survivor of Japanese concentration camp calls for recognition of history
Scotland bans GMO (genetically modified) crops to protect the nations clean, green brand
Germany, which has taken a tough line on Greece, has profited from the countrys crisis to the tune of 100 billion euros, according to a new study Monday. The sum represents money Germany saved through lower interest payments on funds the government borrowed amid investor flights to safety
Disney apologizes for congratulations tweet on Nagasaki anniversary
Jaffa luxury apartment complex is for Jews only
Cuban internet delivered weekly by hand - Cubans are getting round lack internet access by delivery of content by hand. It consists of a terabyte of data with latest music, Hollywood movies, TV series, mobile phone apps, magazines &amp; classifieds like Craigslist.
Attackers open fire on U.S. consulate in Istanbul: CNN Turk
British Library asks for help deciphering a medieval sword
Man gored to death filming Spanish bull run on his mobile
Stephen Harper vows to make it illegal for Canadians to travel to terrorist hotspots
NASA crew to eat space-grown veggies for the first time
Germany drops treason inquiry into Netzpolitik journalists
China Just Declared War on Amateur Sex Videos
A third of medals awarded in the Olympic Games and world championships between 2001 and 2012 were won by athletes who recorded suspicious doping tests
A firing squad of the Islamic State terrorist group on Saturday executed at least 300 civil servants who worked for the Iraqi Supreme Electoral Commission at a military camp in Iraqi city of Mosul.
Israeli extremist leader Benzi Gopstein calls on Jewish students to burn down churches
Indian govt shortlists 1500 yoga asanas to prevent them being patented abroad
China to build highway for Liberia as part of Ebola recovery aid
After murders, Bangladesh police blames bloggers, asks them not to cross limit
Huge explosion reported in Chinese port city of Tianjin
Sweden drops sexual assault probe against Julian Assange as deadline expires
Russia bans Reddit
Trans-Pacific Partnership could pose risk to public healthcare, leaked draft shows
37% of British workers think their jobs are meaningless
The Dutch basic income experiment is expanding across multiple cities
Kiribati president calls for moratorium on coal mines. There is no plausible scenario in which a world that is tackling climate change is a world that needs more coal mines, said Oquist.
Muslim Scholars Prepare Call for Action on Climate Change. Islamic scholars and religious leaders are preparing a call for action on climate change that will say its the religious duty of the worlds 1.6 billion Muslims to fight global warming.
IOC rules out viral testing in sewage-laden waters being used for 2016 Olympics.
U.S. allocates $500,000 for Baltic journalism programs to combat Russian propaganda
The elusive octopus genome has finally been untangled, which should allow scientists to discover answers to long-mysterious questions about the animals alienlike physiology: How does it camouflage itself so expertly? How does it controland regeneratethose eight flexible arms
Kiwi UN intern living in tent has resigned. His mum is proud he sparked unpaid UN internship debate
15th-Century Sea Monster Lifted from Baltic SeaFigurehead of Denmarks King Hans warship is creature carved at end of 11-ft-long beam, with lion ears &amp; crocodile mouth holding a person. No similar item from the 15th century has ever been found anywhere in the world.
Greek economy grows by 0.8% in second quarter
Chinas military wants the ability to create large modular artificial islands that can be repositioned around the world as necessary
Russias parliament supports mandatory HIV testing before marriage
Underwater gas pipeline explodes in Moscow, Russia
Seen from above, the Amazon resembles a huge billiards table -- a field of intense green pockmarked by brown stains. These are the sites of illegal mines, and they reveal the scope of a gold rush that threatens the lungs of the planet
Market truck bomb kills at least 60 in Baghdads Sadr City
Puerto Ricos Representaive in Congress Pleads For Drought Aid.The drought in Puerto Rico is affecting more than 2.5 million people and has led to extreme water restrictions as well as complete water cutoffs across the territory.
South African conservationists are warning of a new potential threat to Africas wild lion population: The increasing use of lion bones to replace tiger bones in traditional medicine in parts of Asia
Earth overshoot day  the day each year when our demands on the planet outstrip its ability to regenerate  comes six days earlier than 2014, with worlds population currently consuming the equivalent of 1.6 planets a year
Switzerland lifts sanctions against iran
Israel would lift Gaza blockade for truce -- report
Chinas government wants workers to be given longer weekends during the summer in order to boost the tourism industry. The State Council is urging employers to give their staff Friday afternoons off so that they can travel more easily.
CNN &amp; CBC Sued For Pirating 31 Second YouTube Video - In addition to claims of copyright infringement, the media giants face allegations that they breached the anti-circumvention measures of the DMCA.
Ireland Refuses to Extradite Man to US Because Prison System is Too Inhumane
American flag raised in Havana for first time in 54 years
Humans definitely killed off mammoths, giant armadillo, sabretooth tiger, scientists claim - New research settles argument about whether whether humans or climate change was responsible for the end of megafauna, it is claimed, and debunks the myth of early humans living in harmony with nature
Facebook cancelled a students internship after he highlighted a massive privacy issue
Australias federal court rejects US studios claims for piracy damages, saying it may invoice downloaders for the cost of a legitimate copy only
John Kerry: I write emails assuming that Russia and China are very likely reading them
US warns citizens not to attend Auckland TPP rally
25,000 Farmers Seek Presidents Permission To Hang Themselves On Independence Day (Aug 15)
Reports: ISIL used mustard gas against Kurds
Gene therapy cures blindness by replacing vision cells in eyes.
Jimmy Carter: Zero chance for Israeli-Palestinian two-state solution - Netanyahu decided early on to adopt a one-state solution, but without giving the Palestinians equal rights,
Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov mutters fucking morons as Saudi counterpart talks during press conference
Air pollution in China is killing 4,000 people every day, a new study finds
Sea creature called Flying Spaghetti Monster found beneath ocean.
Palestinian rights group sues PA over prison torture: Plaintiff says he was detained and beaten for five days after criticizing local government on social media
Marines who removed flag from U.S. embassy in Cuba return 54 years later to raise it again
PM: Japan cant keep apologizing
Tianjin explosions so huge they were visible from space
China silences netizens critical of disgraceful blast coverage. Posts suggesting that authorities restricted international media reporting on the incident removed.
Fidel Castro to US: you owe us millions
Team from International Atomic Energy Agency has been sent to scene of blast in China
Calais mayor threats to open Frances borders and allow thousands of migrants into Britain
The United States believes Islamic State militants likely used mustard agent in an attack on Kurdish forces in Iraq earlier this week, the first indication the militant group has obtained a banned chemical weapon, the Wall Street Journal reported on Thursday.
A-level results 2015: UK exam board OCR admits it estimates hundreds of pupils grades after papers go missing
GPS Trackers In Fake Elephant Tusks Reveal Ivory Smuggling Route
Explosion rocks central Bangkok
From 1 October 2015 it will be illegal to smoke in a car (or other vehicles) with anyone under 18 present in UK.
Bulls kill seven at Spain summer festivals
New pictures reveal scale of devastation caused by Tianjin explosion  officials warn rain could turn 100 tons of sodium cyanide into toxic gas
After Germany, US declares it is pulling missiles out of Turkey
Bloggers ridicule Chinese film placing Mao Zedong at key wartime conference with Churchill and Roosevelt in 1943
North Korea promises retaliation with tremendous muscle as a Western military operation in South Korea begins.
Australian laws forbidding people working in the countrys detention centres from speaking out about what they see have raised grave concerns in the medical community
Anti-Government Protests Sweep Brazil
Jewish Schindler rescues Iraqi girls from slavery | Toronto Star
Isis crucifies headless corpses and burns down hospital as battle for Sirte rages on
Indias Mars orbiter sends stunning canyon photo
Topics such as acid rain, evolution and global warming are at risk of information sabotage on the online encyclopaedia Wikipedia, a study has found. Authors said topics considered controversial are at greater risk of vandalism and other shenanigans to the detriment of scientific accuracy.
China Shutters 50 Websites for Inciting Panic Over Tianjin Disaster
South Korea, US begin military drill despite North Korea threats
The UK is trying a new road surface that charges your electric car as you drive.
Olympics chief vows to swim in Rios sewage-riddled waters after venue blasted over hygiene concerns
Unemployed young people will be sent to work boot camp, says minister. Matt Hancock says plan for jobseekers between 18 and 21 to be placed on intensive activity programme is not a form of punishment
Japan: Evacuation warning as Sakurajima Volcano near nuclear reactor ready to erupt
Seagulls Have a Gruesome New Way of Attacking Baby Seals - Kelp gulls are eating the eyeballs from newborn Cape fur sealsa behavior never before seen in nature, a new study says.
U.S. military cancels hearing for September 11 suspects
Australian lawmaker introduces legislation that would legalize same-sex marriage
Police Raids On Islamic State Supporters in Europe After Secret Land Purchases
Hamas-Israel deal imminent, to the dismay of Palestinian factions
Switzerland has completed the construction of the 57 km long Gotthard Base Tunnel, connecting Milan to Zurich
Ancient Greek palace unearthed near Sparta dates back to 17th century BC.
Nearly a billion monarch butterflies have vanished. Now their haven in Mexico is also disappearing: More than 52 acres of a haven where the butterflies hibernate over winter has been degraded, mostly by deforestation from illegal logging, with drought helping the decline.
Secret dark net operation saves scores of children from sexual abuse
Rare Nautilus Sighted For The First Time In Three Decades
ISIS Brutalizes Boys to Create an Army of Child Soldiers, Victims Say.
Israeli NGO accused of subsidizing Jewish extremists with US money
North Koreas 50 Missing Submarines Have Apparently Reappeared Following Truce
Canadian dollar slips below 75 cents for first time since 2004
Hungary may use army to secure border against migrants.
Poland drought: Jewish tombstones and fighter plane uncovered as rivers run dry. Prolonged drought has seen rivers fall to record lows, throwing up archaeological remnants and relics of Polands wartime past
The mayor of Venice, who this month had a public row with British rock star Elton John over family values, has said he never wants to see a Gay Pride parade take place in the lagoon city while he is in charge
New Milestone: 2.5Mln Europeans Sign Online Petition to Stop TTIP, CETA
US to welcome 5,000 to 8,000 Syrian refugees in 2016
By 2050, an area of forests the size of India is set to be wiped off the planet if humans continue on their current path of deforestation, according to a new report. Thats bad news for the creatures that depend on these forest ecosystems for survival, but its also bad news for the climate
Snowden of the Sea: Researchers Name New Crayfish After NSA Leaker
Canada has engineered bacteria that send a remote signal when water sources get polluted
Migrants crisis: Germanys Merkel booed at Heidenau centre
Thailand destroys ivory stockpile in ceremony amid junta crackdown on illegal trade
A pioneering procedure has led to a baby being born from the same womb that nurtured his mother. The Swedish mother, who lost her uterus to cancer in her 20s, said it was unimaginable that she now had her own child thanks to her mothers donated womb.
Trans-Pacific Trade Agreement: Potential damage to global public health
Germany has reportedly begun taking steps towards banning the use of all genetically modified crops. New rules will allow individual member states to block farmers from using GM organisms, even if the variety has been approved on an EU-wide basis.
Senior Iran aide: Israel should be annihilated, and this is our ultimate slogan
Italy hits back at Merkel in migrants row - Italys foreign minister: Asking Greece and Italy to do their duty on immigration is like asking a country hit by floods to step up the production of umbrellas
Court orders Russia to pay compensation for Greenpeace ship seizure. A court in the Netherlands has ordered Russia to pay compensation for seizing the Greenpeace ship Arctic Sunrise during a protest against an offshore oil platform two years ago
India just turned off mobile internet for 63 million citizens amid protests in Ahmedabad
Germany hands over citizens metadata in return for NSAs top spy software
German Justice Minister criticizes Facebooks double standards: German users are struggling to understand why Facebook is quick to ban nudity, but often fails to ban posts that constitute the criminal offense of incitement to hatred.
Confirmed:Long-Lost Nazi loot train found in Poland
Up to 50 refugees found dead in truck in Austria: Newspaper reports initial indications were that they suffocated.
Delta governor(Nigeria) scored more votes than number of voters, INEC confirms
Mystery as rare saiga antelopes drop dead in their thousands. The world population of saiga antelope has halved in less than two weeks after 140,000 animals perished on the Kazakhstan steppes without any obvious cause.
Diamonds Worth Millions Vanish from Russias Fort Knox: Rough diamonds worth millions of dollars have reportedly disappeared from Russias supposedly impenetrable repository created by the Bolsheviks to store the tsars jewels.
According to the 23-year record of satellite data from NASA and its partners, the sea level is rising a few millimeters a year -- a fraction of an inch. If you live on the U.S. East Coast, though, your sea level is rising two or three times faster than average.
Muslims not doing enough to fight Islamic State: Jordans Queen Rania
Denmark cuts benefits for asylum seekers - Danish lawmakers on Wednesday approved cutting welfare benefits for new asylum seekers in a bid to curtail arrivals.
Israel: Professor Uri Shanas launches crowdfunding campaign to buy 1.4% of earth for conservation
First female prime minister for Greece announced
Fake Goldman Sachs bank found in China
TTIP controversy: The European Commission and Big Tobacco accused of cover-up after heavily redacted documents released
Ethiopia has launched the first space program in East Africa
Knut the polar bears cause of death revealed - They analysed samples of Knuts cerebrospinal fluid and found high levels of an antibody known to attack a glutamate receptor in the brain. In humans, this is a sign of a disease called autoimmune encephalitis, the first ever reported in a non-human.
Drunk Gunman Fires 30 Shots and Kills Four at Traveler Camp in North of France
Saudi Arabia is set to break its own record of 192 beheading as the country has executed 102 condemned prisoners
Tajikistan Steps Up Fight Against Islamic Radicalization, bans the sale of hijabs and niqabs.
British-born Isis hacker killed: US drone strike in Syria kills Junaid Hussain
North Koreas shiny new airport falls short of expectations
Sea levels are rising around the world and the latest satellite data suggests that one metre or more is unavoidable in the next 100-200 years, NASA scientists have said.
The Nations That Will Be Hardest Hit by Water Shortages by 2040 - The nations most likely to be hit by severe and continuous water shortages by 2040 include Bahrain (which will be the single most water-stressed), Israel, Palestine, Spain, and Chile.
China warehouse explosion in Tianjin leads prosecutors to detain government officials, company executives
Pakistan allows Taliban to meet, choose leader: Defying warnings from Washington and the fury of Afghanistans government, Pakistani authorities are turning a blind eye to a meeting of hundreds of Taliban supporters in Quetta.
Obama secures Iran nuclear deal with Barbara Mikulski vote
Scientists claim to have discovered the first new human prion in almost 50 years. Prions are misfolded proteins that make copies of themselves by inducing others to misfold. By so doing, they multiply and cause disease.
Bill Gates calls for more funds to help worlds poorest farmers. Billionaire philanthropist puts focus on protecting small farmers saying they are likely to suffer the most from climate change
Australia, Victoria to ban protesters from harassing women at abortion clinics
Three arrested in Paris over devils breath drug that turns victims into willing zombies
Hugo Chvez daughter is the richest individual in Venezuela, worth over $4 billion.
A Japanese vertical farming company has begun construction on a vegetable factory that is smaller than a football pitch but could produce 30,000 heads of lettuce daily
Four months after quakes, Nepal fails to spend any of $4.1 billion donor money
150 Million workers from 10 unions goes on strike today, in India
N.Korea would have no chance in a conflict with South: US
Iceland Caps Syrian Refugees at 50; 10,000 Icelanders Respond by Offering Up Their Homes
Isis weapon shipment intercepted by Greek coastguard off Crete
Mongolia in for double whammy: drought now, dzud next. The drought has wiped out up to 80 per cent of its wheat crop and up next could be the worst winter in six years.
German police forced to ask public to stop bringing donations for refugees arriving by train
Prime Minister Cameron Rejects Call For Britain To Take More Refugees
Iran official: Well bolster our military until Israel is overthrown
Hundreds of Eurostar passengers stranded by migrants trying to get through tunnel
Guatemalan Congress strips presidents immunity - Vote clears way for President Otto Perez to be prosecuted over allegations he masterminded a massive corruption scheme.
Migrants using fake Syrian passports to enter EU: border agency - A market in fake Syrian passports has sprung up, particularly in Turkey, to help migrants and refugees enter the EU, the head of Europes border agency Frontex said on Tuesday.
Pakistans ISI Gave Shelter To Mullah Omar, Hillary Clintons Email Dump Reveals
Yemen crisis: Two Red Cross staff shot dead in Amran
Gaza could be uninhabitable by 2020, says United Nations development agency
US To Impose Sanction Against More Russian Individuals, Companies Over Ukraine Ceasefire
London clinic accidentally reveals HIV status of 780 patients. The 56 Dean Street clinic apologises after sending newsletter disclosing names and email addresses of patients with HIV.
The Democratic Republic of Congo has banned a film about Congolese surgeon Denis Mukwege, who has treated thousands of women raped during conflict. There is a clear intent to harm and sully the image of our army.
Turkish daily exposes transfer of weapons to ISIS
Exactly half of Germans are concerned that the strong increase in the number of asylum seekers is overwhelming them and German authorities, a survey showed on Thursday.
Australia wants to join India, the United States and Japan in joint naval exercises in the Indian Ocean, widening participation in multilateral drills as Chinas influence in the region grows.
Guatemalan President Otto Perez has resigned after Congress stripped the leader of immunity over corruption allegations and a warrant was issued for his arrest.
Plane Debris Found on Reunion Island Definitely from MH370, French Investigators Determine - French investigators confirmed plane debris found on Runion Island is indeed from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, which went missing on March 8, 2014 with 239 people on board.
Earth has 3 trillion trees but theyre falling at alarming rate.The number of trees has fallen by about 46 percent since the start of human civilization and each year there is a gross loss of 15 billion trees and a net loss of 10 billion
Bill Nye the Science Guy visits tar sands: extraordinary exploitation of environment. Everybody says they feel like the tipping points been reached. Everyone we speak with, where enough is enough kind of thing.
Two poachers in Kenya sentenced to pay US$1 million each or else face life in prison
Ukraine outbreak brings polio back to Europe, 2 kids paralysed
The Pentagon is monitoring Chinese navy ships off the coast of Alaska  right as Obama is wrapping up a trip there
Venezuelas Unofficial Inflation Rate Is 808%
Flesh-eating disease on rise in Japan : International
Unsheared sheep found wandering in Australia was so wooly he nearly died  ended up having 93 pounds of wool sheared
HIV Prevention Drug Appears to Work in First Real-World Test.
Gaza schools expel girls for leaving hair uncovered
Italian road authorities disown man to build street. But state doesnt recognise he isnt owner any more. Now he declares his own principality.
SodaStream leaves West Bank as CEO says boycott antisemitic and pointless.
Bali police see tourists as ATMs: kick them and they spit out money
The Catholic Church in India is supporting some 150 million workers on a nationwide strike Sept. 2 that shut down factories, banks, traffic and government offices across India: The Church is in solidarity with striking workers because we are concerned about their welfare.
Isis profits from destruction of antiquities by selling relics to dealers - and then blowing up the buildings they come from to conceal the evidence of looting
PA officials reject Netanyahus call for renewal of peace talks
Hungary will send back economic migrants
Hungarian PM: Migrant crisis is a German problem
India has added 52 million Internet users in first six months of the year
Homeopathy conference in Germany ends in chaos after delegates take hallucinogenic drug
Germany to Spend $6.6 Billion on 800,000 Refugees and Migrants
Two months after Cecil, outrage arises about South African hunt massacre. Hundreds of antelope, wildebeest, baboons, and other animals will be herded along a narrow track while hunters shoot at them from elevated platforms.
Until the 1970s, Western Australia stole the wages of thousands of Aboriginal workers. Its been waiting for them to die rather than pay back.
Islamist vigilantes face trial for Sharia police who declared that they would patrol the streets to police morals - The Local Germany
New Zealand politician says that country should only take women and children refugees from Syria and that men should be told to go back and fight
A former Dragons Den star has been charged with child sex offences. Doug Richard, who acted as an adviser to Prime Minister David Cameron, is accused of three counts of sexual activity with a child and one of causing or inciting a child to engage in sexual activity, the Press Association reports.
Russian Prime Minister orders all gas stations to install EV charging stations
Canada clears way for case against Chevron over Amazon Chernobyl - Ecuadorians seek billions of dollars in compensation from energy giant over mass contamination of rainforest
Palestinian man gets death threats for saving US Jewish students from Palestinian mob
Syrian refugees in Uruguay say they want to move elsewhere
Austria says fight against Islamic State needs Syrias Assad
Germany could take 500,000 refugees each year for several years, the countrys vice-chancellor, Sigmar Gabriel, has said
700 Germans are fighting for ISIS and the number of women joining keeps growing - Germanys domestic intelligence agency (BfV) fears a growing number of women have gone to Iraq and Syria to fight alongside Islamic State militants, its chief said on Wednesday.
Left for dead in the Aegean, Syrian teen refugee swims 16 hours back to Turkey
Philippines to Roll Out Nationwide Free Wi-Fi Service by 2016
Lesbos on verge of explosion as refugees crowd Greek island - Greeces interior ministry says island of 85,000 inhabitants is currently hosting as many as 17,000 refugees in its capital alone
Bulgaria denies air access for Russian supply flights to Syria
IKEAs Better Shelter refugee housing units heading to Iraq | MNN
David Cameron reveals Islamic State plot to kill the Queen, royals
Hit by new wave of refugees, Germany warns EU partners: if countries in eastern Europe and elsewhere continued to resist accepting their fair share of refugees, the blocs open border regime, known as Schengen, would be at risk.
Two days after killing 16 soldiers, another bomb attack by PKK in eastern Turkey kills at least 10 police officers
Defector: Kim Jong Uns days are numbered - CNN.com
World is running out of one of the most effective snakebite treatments, putting tens of thousands of lives at risk, warn experts
Romania says can take maximum 1,785 refugees, rejects EU quotas
National Geographic sold to Fox
French court confirms Monsanto guilty of chemical poisoning
Top female student takes on corruption in Egypt after scoring zero on exams
A new species of human ancestor found, Homo naledi, has been found in South Africa
Female cartoonist could have 12 year prison term extended for shaking her lawyers hand
Travelling to work is work, European court rules
The Amazon tribe protecting the forest with bows, arrows, GPS and camera traps - With authorities ineffective, the 2,200-strong Kaapor, in the Brazilian state of Maranho, are taking on the illegal loggers with technology &amp; direct action
People climbing onto rooftops to stay alive - Japan is experiencing extreme flooding
Finland to raise taxes on the wealthy to cover refugee costs
The European Commission and Big Tobacco accused of cover-up after heavily redacted documents released.Documents back up fears that TTIP will allow tobacco giants to take legal action against the UK and other European governments who attempt to tighten smoking legislation
UK govt calls environmental controls on fracking unnecessary red tape - Added its weight to a behind-the-scenes lobbying drive by oil &amp; gas firms including BP, Chevron, Shell &amp; ExxonMobil to persuade EU leaders to scrap series of environmental safety measures, according to leaks.
A judge in Iran has started sentencing criminals to buy and read books instead of handing down jail terms to avoid irreversible physical and psychological impact on convicts and their families
Thailand introduces first law to protect LGBT people
German Lawmaker: At the Root of Refugee Crisis are Wars Led by the United States in the Middle East
More Than 1,000 Indian Muslim Clerics Sign Fatwa Against ISIS
Number of Russians Living in Poverty Nears 22 Million
China to explore dark side of the moon. China has confirmed it plans to send a spacecraft to land on the moons dark side before 2020...
ISIS claim to be holding Norwegian and Chinese men hostages
Karachi water mafia sucking citys pipelines dry. Officials say 30 percent of Pakistan citys water supply is wasted or stolen, worsening an already chronic shortage.
Saudis protest intrusion into diplomats house as Nepalese women recount horror.
Sudans security forces killed, raped and burned civilians alive, says rights group. Human Rights Watch report catalogues appalling acts carried out by Sudans Rapid Support Forces during two military campaigns in Darfur.
UN: 96,000 children are starving and close to death in the port city of al-Hodeidah in Yemen
Egyptian researchers developed a cost-effective method for cleaning saltwater in just minutes
Non-EU countries Norway, Iceland, Switzerland, and Liechtenstein will have to agree to relocate asylum seekers in the latest EU scheme or face possible penalties
Russian troops join combat in Syria
Child poverty in Scotland is now so severe that teachers are being sent advice on how to spot if a child in their class is going hungry
Muslim radicals in Germany are trying to recruit some of the growing numbers of asylum seekers reaching the country
Al Qaeda Leader Al-Zawahiri Declares War on ISIS Caliph Al-Baghdadi
Cereal banned from Zimbabwe schools after pupils brewed beer
Palestine flag to fly at UN headquarters after majority vote
Hundreds of thousands of Catalans gather in Barcelona, calling for secession from Spain
Citis Chief Economist Says China Is Financially Out of Control
Black Mamba female rangers awarded for anti-poaching efforts - A mostly female anti-poaching unit known as the Black Mambas in South Africa won the United Nations top environmental prize this week.
Saudi diplomat case: Waive immunity, Delhi tells Riyadh. There is prima facie evidence of abuse, sodomy and rape by the diplomat and his father-in-law
North Korea says defectors are liars and that people who stay behind are happy
Obama Directs Administration to Accept 10,000 Syrian Refugees
U.S. government officials have blocked the release of 116 pages of defense lawyers notes detailing the torture that Guantanamo Bay detainee Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody
Researchers at Alexandria University in Egypt have unveiled a cost-effective desalination technology which can filter highly salty water in minutes.
Australia: Peter Dutton overheard joking about rising sea levels in Pacific Island nations
Europe migrant crisis: Hungary will arrest illegal migrants
UK: MPs reject right to die law
TPP protesters occupy Prime Ministers office
World nuclear capacity set to grow by 45% by 2035
Scientists: Poorer nations outdo wealthier ones on climate pledges - Developed countries ought to be embarrassed. Ethiopia &amp; Morocco have been considerably more transparent than China &amp; Canada. Mexico was really better than US or EU in terms of plans.
Turkish Teen Gets Suspended Sentence for Insulting Erdogan
Female cartoonist on indecency charge for shaking mans hand: Thousands petition to free Atena Farghadani
US intelligence chief says Iraq, Syria may not survive as states, could split along ethnic, sectarian lines
50 kg of gold stolen from Egyptian Mint Authority.
Russia: World must arm Syrian government against IS
Astronomers resort to crowdfunding to save Australias Mopra Radio Telescope
Egyptian Billionaire who wants to purchase private islands to house refugees, has identified potential locations and is now in talks to purchase two private Greek islands
The UN Says US Drone Strikes in Yemen Targeting al Qaeda Have Killed More Civilians Than al Qaeda
Saudis Accused of Not Taking Refugees Despite 100K Empty Tents
Denmark has said it will not participate in the EUs plans to resettle some 160,000 refugees.
US troops return to Iraq to battle Islamic State
West ignored Russian offer in 2012 to have Syrias Assad step aside
Hungary Declares Emergency As It Blocks Migrants At Border
Whales to gain long-sought protections as navy limits sonar use, activists say
Thousands of refugees may lose right of asylum under EU plans - Brussels meeting is expected to call for establishment of refugee camps in Italy and Greece and for detention of irregular migrants
Two decades of frontier-free travel across Europe unraveled on Monday as countries re-established border controls in the face of an unprecedented influx of migrants, which broke the record for the most arrivals by land in a single day.
According to a new study, half of the sea turtles on the planet have ingested some form of plastic. This comes just days after another study (with some of the same researchers involved) reported similar findings in seabirds -- some 90 percent of which have consumed plastic.
Tens of thousands of people have already left Central America for the United States, fleeing violence and poverty.Extreme weather could drive further migration from the Central American countries, particularly Honduras, Guatemala and El Salvador.
Tourists interrupt endangered turtle reproduction season in Costa Rican beach
FOIA Reveals TPP Has Immigration Chapter
Australian mother on trial for genital mutilation
Hundreds quarantined as Ebola returns to north Sierra Leone district
They are calling it the great Indian gold rush. Within months, Indian officials are expected to auction licences for new gold mines across the country, and abandoned colonial-era mines are set to be revived.
Okinawa governor to block construction of new US airbase: Takeshi Onaga says he will revoke permits for offshore base in Henokos pristine waters, opposing Japans central government
Ex FIFA adviser: Blatter should face a criminal investigation for TV rights deal
City officials have suspended the mayor of Bucharest who is under arrest on suspicion of taking bribes worth 25,000 euros ($28,000) from companies working for the city hall.
Canadian banks helping clients bend rules to move money out of China
Poland &amp; Sweden agree to intensify military cooperation
North Korea restarts nuclear operations | BBC
Teen Arrested for Planning Alleged ISIS-Inspired Attack on Pope
Syria Is Emptying
Tuna and mackerel populations suffer catastrophic 74% decline, research shows
Australian Government introduces No Jab No Pay legislation, preventing parents of unvaccinated children from receiving childcare benefits.
Norway will soon pay Brazil the final instalment of a $1bn payment for slowing the rate at which the Amazon rainforest is cut down, and is in talks about a further scheme.
Air Canada pilot diverts international flight to save dog from freezing.
Nepal to stay secular, proposal for a Hindu nation rejected
If you are worried about refugees, stop supporting terrorists - Assad interview
Exxons Own Research Confirmed Fossil Fuels Role in Global Warming Decades Ago | Over the past several years a clear scientific consensus has emerged, Cohen wrote in September 1982, reporting on Exxons own analysis of climate models.
Scared By Russia, Sweden And Poland Make War Pact
Netherlands bans wild animals in circuses
Hungary convicts migrant for illegally crossing into country, first conviction under new law
Germany can stop cash for jobless EU migrants - The European Court of Justice ruled on Tuesday that Germany can deny basic welfare payments to European migrants - even if theyve previously had a job in the country.
The Leap Manifesto, an ambitious plan to end fossil fuel subsidies, increase income taxes on corporations and the wealthy, cut military spending and implement a progressive carbon tax, signed by at least one hundred notable Canadian personalities
David Attenborough backs huge Apollo-style clean energy research plan
Google to raise $11 million for refugee crisis in Europe in 1:1 donation-matching campaign
UK drops out of top 10 renewable energy ranking for 1st time - Conservative govt has sentenced renewable energy to death by 1000 cuts &amp; left investors puzzled, says EY report. Weve entered a really weird phase where weve almost got govt energy policy being set in a vacuum.
Pope warns religious orders: Take in refugees, or pay property taxes.
Iranian Female Soccer Star Faces Husband-Imposed Travel Ban
WWF - Failing fisheries and poor ocean health starving human food supply. Their report shows a decline of 49 per cent of marine populations between 1970 and 2012.
Jeremy Corbyn has said Labour can win the 2020 general election by creating a radical grassroots movement.They call us deficit deniers; they spend billions cutting taxes for the richest families and for the most profitable businesses. What they are is poverty deniers,
Croatia says it will allow migrants to travel on to northern Europe - opening up a new route a day after Hungary sealed its border with Serbia.
Flying Koreas farmed dogs to safety - Our goal is to end the dog-meat industry in Korea,
Turkish presidents office says insulting president not within freedom of expression
Saudi suspends Binladen group over Mecca crane crash - royal court
Anheuser-Busch InBev, the maker of Budweiser and Corona, said Wednesday it has approached rival SABMiller Plc for a potential takeover that would combine the worlds two biggest brewers
China stocks resume sharp slide as economic worries mount
Volkswagen has admitted to using software on VW and Audi branded cars to cheat U.S. diesel emissions tests, shares plunge more than 20 percent.
Saudi Teenager Ali Mohammed al-Nimr Has Been Sentenced to Death by Crucifixion
German woman, 91, is charged with 260,000 counts of accessory to murder as prosecutors accuse her of being a Nazi SS radio operator who served in Auschwitz
New Zealand Zoo Wont Euthanize Tiger That Killed Zookeeper
Hungary passes law allowing govt to use army in asylum seeker crisis. According to the law, the army would be allowed to use rubber bullets, pyrotechnical devices, tear gas grenades or net guns
Hungary places ads in Lebanese press warning off migrants...Do not listen to the people smugglers. Hungary will not allow illegal immigrants to cross its territory.
Ruble fall causes wage parity between Russia and China: The devaluation of the ruble has put average salaries in Russia on par with those in China
The Obama administration will increase the number of refugees the United States is willing to accept to 100,000 annually in 2017, a significant increase over the current worldwide cap of 70,000, Secretary of State John Kerry said on Sunday.
PYD: Syrian refugee tripped by Hungarian journalist was member of radical al-Nusra Front
SodaStream offers 1,000 jobs to Syrian refugees in Israel. Company, which was targeted by BDS over its West Bank plant, says it could employ refugees in southern Israel
Saudi official: We wont cooperate with Israel as long as Palestine is occupied
Russian embassy in Damascus comes under mortar fire  foreign ministry
No European country `can be exempt` from taking in refugees: Hollande
Attempts to protect Australias Great Barrier Reef are failing: report | Australias Great Barrier Reef is still being damaged by the effects of climate change and farming, a report says. It says efforts to improve water quality are falling far short of the targets that have been set
Pirate Bay: What Raid? Police Never Got Our Servers
Pacific Islanders Plead for Urgent Climate Action as Seas Rise - The village where Anote Tong attended school some 40 years ago is no longer there. As the Pacific Ocean encroached on the settlement, the villagers left for higher ground.
ISIS Defectors Reveal Growing Disillusionment
Ministry of Defence condemns serving army general behind Jeremy Corbyn mutiny threat - Some Conservatives also expressed disquiet with right-wing MEP Daniel Hannan describing the general as an idiot
Apples App Store infected with malware in China
Islamic rebels free 2 American hostages held in Yemen
Israel to bring in 20,000 Chinese construction workers
Reports: Russian troops refusing deployment to Syria
At least 55 people killed by three bomb blasts in Nigeria
Climate Change Will Boost Arctic Mosquito Population
Greece opposition concedes defeat, Syriza poised to retain power
U.S. drug company sues Canada for trying to lower cost of $700K-a-year drug.
S. Korean court rules that any politician that receives bribe over $900 will be removed from office
A 19-year-old who plotted a massacre at his former college has been jailed for life with a minimum term of eight years.
40% more people are homeless than when David Cameron swept into Number 10
Boko Haram leader cant read Quran, nor perform Islamic prayers
9 mega-companies, including Walmart, Nike, and Starbucks, commit to 100% clean energy
Cannabis forest discovered in south-west London
The stampede was caused by a Prince and 200 guards
Iran has led growing criticism of Saudi Arabia after at least 717 people died and 863 were injured in a stampede near the holy city of Mecca on Thursday.
Popes climate push is raving nonsense without population control, says top US scientist
Swiss officials to start formal proceedings against Fifa President Sepp Blatter
GCHQ surveillance has been tracking browsing history of every web user from porn visited websites to mobile locations
65% of Taiwanese feel they are an independent nation apart from China
Renewable energy outstrips coal for first time in UK electricity mix. Wind, solar and bioenergy surge to supply a record 25% of the countrys electricity for a whole quarter
Tax on sugary drinks favored by most New Zealanders
Uber banned in belgium, gets 21 days to cease operations rules court
Volkswagen rigged tests on 2.8 million cars in Germany, Berlin says
Russian fighter jets enter Syria with transponders off
U.N. Agencies Told to Leave East Ukraine
Finland demonstrators attack refugees with stones and fireworks
The third recorded global coral bleaching event may be underway. Its like watching a slow-motion train wreck, and were waiting for the cars to pile up on this side of the track, says Mark Eakin, the coordinator of NOAAs Coral Reef Watch
Saudis Blame African Pilgrims For Deadly Stampede Near Mecca
15 tons of sulfuric acid intercepted en route to Gaza
UK Chancellor George Osborne praised for not stressing human rights by Chinese state media during visit
China, Worlds Largest Polluter, to Announce Program to Limit Emissions
Canada tries to cut cost of US drug, gets sued
Elon Musk Says Climate Change Refugees Will Dwarf Current Crisis. Teslas CEO says the Volkswagen scandal is minor compared with carbon dioxide emissions.
British doctors hail cure for blindness with successful treatment of age-related macular degeneration | The groundbreaking operation was carried out be surgeons at Londons Moorfields Eye Hospital
An app which tracked US drone strikes through text notifications and maps has been removed from the App Store by Apple due to excessively crude or objectionable content
New Zealand has revealed plans to turn an area of the South Pacific about the size of France into a marine reserve. The Kermadec Ocean Sanctuary lies 1000km north of the mainland and includes a chain of islands and underwater volcanoes. It is a vast 620,000 sq km (239,400 sq miles) area.
Putin: Do you realize what you have done? Putin speaks to UN about middle east situation.
The death toll from a suspected air strike on a wedding party in Yemen on Monday has risen to at least 131, the United Nations and local medics say.
A senior Saudi prince has launched an unprecedented call for change in the countrys leadership, as it faces its biggest challenge in years in the form of war, plummeting oil prices and criticism of its management of Mecca, scene of last weeks hajj tragedy.
Edward Snowden promotes global treaty to curtail surveillance - Accord would require countries to reduce domestic snooping and provide asylum to whistleblowers
Putin: We can no longer tolerate the current state of affairs in the world (speech at UN on IS)
China will contribute 8,000 troops for a United Nations peacekeeping force, Chinas President Xi Jinping told the United Nations General Assembly, a move that could make it one of the largest players in U.N. peacekeeping efforts.
Hajj crush: Saudi Arabia issues over 1,000 images suggesting death-toll rise -- Authorities in India and Pakistan say photographs of dead released to diplomats for identification mean hundreds more killed than originally thought
U.S., Russia agree Syria must be united and secular: Kerry
Hitachi says it can predict crimes before they happen: called Hitachi Visualization Predictive Crime Analytics, gobbles massive amounts of datafrom public transit maps, social media conversations, weather reports, and moreand uses machine learning to find patterns that humans cant pick out.
U.S. gives up effort to train Syrian opposition forces
A vast stretch of New Zealands exclusive economic zone is being turned into an ocean sanctuary in a landmark deal to preserve one of the most pristine and unique environments on earth.
KGB defector: Russia killed the British spy found in a duffel bag
The Taliban captured the northern Afghan city of Kunduz in a massive assault Monday involving hundreds of fighters, and now control a major urban area for the first time since the 2001 U.S.-led invasion.
China opens terrifying glass-bottomed bridge in Shiniuzhai park
Saudi royal calls for regime change in Riyadh, The king is not in a stable condition
Obama willing to work with Iran, Russia to end Syria conflict
Harper Conservatives hope to have TPP agreement this week
Three dead as Peruvian farmers and police clash at $7.4bn Chinese mine | As well as the deaths 17 were injured, three critically, when officers reportedly shot at protesters after they entered the Las Bambas copper mining project
The Australian share market has lost around $41 billion in morning trade, as BHP Billiton shares tumbled below $22 for the first time since the global financial crisis.
Counter to Islamic law: Saudi diplomat refuses to discuss gay rights at UN
Germany has translated the first 20 articles of the countrys constitution, which outline basic rights like freedom of speech, into Arabic for refugees to help them integrate.
Man Killed by Hindu Mob in India because they suspected he ate Beef.
Japan says it must look after its own before allowing in Syrian refugees
Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe shouts We are not gays during UN address
Diesel cars made by Renault, Nissan, Hyundai, Citroen, Fiat and Volvo among others emitted far more NOx in more rigorous tests, research shows
Russia has conducted its first airstrike in Syria, near city of Homs, senior U.S. official tells CNN
An Iranian man who was on death row for allegedly insulting the prophet Muhammad has had his sentence commuted to reading 13 religious books and studying theology for two years.
A British nursing home offers its residents strippers and prostitutes, sparking a debate over sexual rights of the disabled.
Young New Zealander took his own life while awaiting deportation from Australia, he had lived in Australia since the age of 4. He was placed in indefinite detention in Goulburn jail and denied mental health support. Currently 200 New Zealanders are in indefinite detention awaiting deportation.
Iron Dome intercepts rocket over Ashdod
Tractors, cows take over Canadian Parliament Hill as dairy farmers protest TPP
UK and Saudi Arabia made a secret deal to secure each others UN Human Rights Council seats
The Russian parliament on Wednesday unanimously granted President Vladimir Putin the right to deploy the countrys military in Syria, a move a top Kremlin aide said related only to the air force.
Montreal to dump 8 billion litres of sewage into St. Lawrence River
US court dismisses 9/11 lawsuit against Saudi Arabia
Chinese city hit by multiple explosions at public buildings
Saudi Arabia insists Assad must go or be overthrown
For the first time ever, there are now more people in Canada age 65 and over than there are under age 15
A German scientist is revoking the license to his bioinformatics software for researchers working in eight European countries because those countries allow too many immigrants to cross their borders.
First of its kind study: No serious adverse effects from long-term MMJ use. No evidence of harmful effects on cognitive function, or blood tests among cannabis consumers and we observed a significant improvement in their levels of pain, symptom distress, mood and quality of life
Antikythera Shipwreck Yields New Cache of Ancient Treasures
Norwegian terrorist and mass murderer, Anders Behring Breivik, who killed 77 people in 2011, pledges to hunger strike until death as a protest against prison conditions
Quebec-based Valeant Pharmaceuticals is suspected of using the same business model as former hedge fund manager Martin Shkreli, as the price of two heart drugs is increased.
Volkswagen staff acted criminally, says board member
King Tuts tomb likely has hidden chamber, Egyptian official says
Saudi Arabia insists UN keeps LGBT rights out of its development goals - The Saudi Foreign Minister says LGBT rights are counter to Islamic law 
Hamburg has become the first German city to pass a law allowing the seizure of empty commercial properties in order to house migrants
Five Brazilian policemen have been arrested after mobile phone footage appeared to show an officer placing a gun in the hand of a teenager they had shot dead in a Rio de Janeiro favela.
Canadian Feds penny-pinched on science libraries while lavishing funds on religion and oil
Passenger plane reported as missing in Indonesia
Belfast City Council wants people who are convicted of for animal cruelty to be registered in the same way that sex offenders are.
Pope did not give unconditional support to clerk in gay marriage row: Vatican
Amsterdam brothel owners must speak sex workers language
Indian government built 8.9 Million (89 lakh) Public toilets in just a year
Israeli couple shot dead in West Bank
Half of Worlds Coal Output Is Unprofitable, Moodys Says
Fearing Russian air strikes, Islamic State didnt hold Friday prayers, report says
Fatah armed wing claims responsibility for terror attack | Abdel Qader al-Husseini Brigades says deadly shooting of Eitam and Naama Henkin was a necessary action
European Union countries can imprison migrants who re-enter their territory after being expelled, the EUs top court ruled on Thursday in a judgment likely to be closely watched across the continent as it struggles to cope with a migration crisis.
CIA pulls staff from China after US government hack
Images Suggest China Is Building 1st Indigenous Aircraft Carrier
Amnesty condemns Talibans reign of terror in Kunduz: Mass murder, gang rapes and house-to-house searches by death squads: Based on civilian testimonies, Amnesty International has catalogued a number of atrocities attributed to the Taliban in the embattled city of Kunduz.
Russias Lavrov on Syria targets: If it looks like a terrorist, walks like a terrorist if it fights like a terrorist, its a terrorist, right? 
Cairo University Bans Teachers From Wearing Face Veil
Anti-abortion activist Troy Newman to be deported after losing court bid to stay in Australia
US Spent a Year Bombing Syrian Desert, Not ISIL  Russian MP
Vote Compass: Majority of Canadians support softer marijuana laws
Netanyahu stares down UN in intense moment of silence
India is teaming up with Google to have free WiFi at 500 railway stations
AP: At least 997 people died and 600 people remain missing in Saudi hajj disaster | Iran death toll rises to 464
Trans-Pacific Partnership Trade Deal Is Reached
Previously Unknown Lines to the Epic of Gilgamesh discovered in stolen cuneiform tablet - A serendipitous deal between a history museum &amp; a smuggler has provided new insight into one of the most famous stories ever told
Montreal to dump 8 billion liters of sewage in the St. Lawrence River
Human rights are no longer a top priority for the UK Government, says Foreign Office chief
ISIS militants blow up ancient Arch of Triumph in Palmyra
Obama has ordered the Pentagon, to directly provide ammunition and weapons to Syrian opposition forces on the ground.
Snipers have been pictured in Manchester city centre as thousands march in protest to cuts, coinciding with the Conservative Party conference. Armed police can be seen on the roof of the Great Northern complex in images that have been widely shared on social media.
The World Bank has said that for the first time less than 10% of the worlds population will be living in extreme poverty by the end of 2015.
BBC admits faking impressive volcano footage for Patagonia TV documentary that went viral
Nigerian Governor promises to return money he stole, but only if he is re-elected
Chile to create one of worlds largest marine parks around Easter Island. Plans put forward by the local people will ban fishing in over 600,000 sq km of the Pacific ocean
Australian Doctors Successfully Reattach Babys Internally Decapitated Head Following Serious Car Crash
France moves closer to passing controversial surveillance law.Despite firm criticism from civil liberties groups, the bill has faced minimal opposition from the public and the political classes.
Holocaust historians criticise Austrias plan to jail Jewish author who inventoried property stolen from Jews in Vienna
Australia- The government called in the Federal Police to investigate information leaks from the Nauru detention camp six times in as many months, prompting claims it is pursuing whistleblowers instead of those who allegedly assaulted and raped asylum seekers.
Air France bosses attacked by angry workers after announcing huge job losses
Syrian rebels call for regional alliance against Russia and Iran
German authorities now expect up to 1.5 million migrants in 2015: newspaper
Defiant Chinese reporter claims police work with propaganda machine to sway public opinion. Liu recounted how the police try to draw out confessions and then air them on state television to shame suspects and sway public perceptions ahead of their trials.
Nato warns russia over syria strikes
Englands shoppers say goodbye to free plastic bags
Tens of thousands protest against UK government
Iraqi prime minister says he would welcome Russian airstrikes in Iraq
Dozens of Islamist Saudi Arabian clerics have called on Arab and Muslim countries to give all moral, material, political and military support to what they term a jihad, or holy war, against Syrias government and its Iranian and Russian backers.
Germany needs to limit refugee influx, close borders: Merkel allies
BP fined a record $20.8 billion for oil spill disaster
Big U.S. firms hold $2.1 trillion overseas to avoid taxes: study
Former NSA boss Michael Hayden tells the BBC about Edward Snowden: If youre asking me my opinion, hes going to die in Moscow. Hes not coming home.
Doctors Without Borders calls US bombing of its hospital a war crime
Scientists to nudge asteroid off course as practice for protecting the Earth
NASA has released almost 10,000 never-before-seen images from the moon landings
Your smartphone can be taken over with just a text, says Edward Snowden, and it could be happening right now
The 2015 NobelPrize in Physics to Takaaki Kajita and Arthur B. McDonald for the discovery of neutrino oscillations, which shows that neutrinos have mass.
Wildlife thriving around Chernobyl nuclear plant despite radiation - High numbers of elk, deer, boar and wolves show long-term effect of worlds worst nuclear accident is less damaging than everyday human activity, say scientists.
European Court of Justice ruled Safe Harbor Agreement invalid
A new species of rat has been discovered on an island in Indonesia. Scientists consider the rat so exceptional that they have described it not only as a new species but a new genus - a step up from the new species label.
Ireland- Millions of fish have been washed ashore on a beach in west Kerry. Peculiarly, no birds or scavengers have eaten the bodies that have been just lying on the shore, rotting, since Thursday.
China is building the worlds largest radio telescope to detect signs of life billions of light years away
Snowden: Id go to prison to return to US
Hamas suspects arrested for murder of couple in front of their children
Hundreds of Yazidis killing themselves in ISIS slavery
China wants to speed construction of a national network to charge electric cars, to help reach an ambitious goal of 5 million green vehicles on its roads by 2020
Email to Hillary Clinton shows the US tried to cover up a WikiLeaks story on Turkey, PKK
US Troops Werent Under Fire in Afghan Hospital Airstrike: Army Gen. John Campbell contradicts previous reports by his own Afghanistan command
Thousands form living border against refugees - People across the eastern state of Saxony took part in demonstrations against refugees being taken into Germany at the weekend, with thousands gathering on the Czech frontier to form a living border.
Russian station says weather forecast excellent for bombing Syria
Kremlin Says Russian Volunteer Forces Will Fight in Syria; A senior Kremlin defense official told Russian news agencies on Monday that military veterans who had fought in eastern Ukraine would likely start showing up as volunteer ground forces in Syria.
Drone Flies Over NSA Complex in Germany, Dropping Leaflets
Russian Air Force Strikes ISIS in Al-Raqqa and East Aleppo: Terrorists Suffer Heavy Casualties
Saudi clerics called on Muslim countries to back holy war against Syria and its Iranian and Russian backers.
Norwegian Air CEO Says $69 Flights From U.S. to Europe Coming Soon
4 Russian warships launch 26 missiles against ISIS from Caspian sea
Wind power is now the cheapest electricity to produce in both Germany and the U.K., even without government subsidies.
Paedophile bishop escaped charges after MPs and royal family intervened, court told
Teslas Hit by 180% Danish Tax on Cars as Green Goals Ditched. The three-month old government has already said it is abandoning ambitious CO2 emissions targets and dropping plans to become fossil-fuel free by 2050.
Images of Pluto and Charon continue to captivate Nasa: This world is alive - Every week I am floored, Stern said. Nasa wont let me tell you what were going to tell you on Thursday. Its amazing.
3 scientists just won a Nobel for discovering the genetic mechanisms that explain why we dont all have cancer
Doctors Without Borders Wants Independent Inquiry Into U.S. Attack On Hospital
Italian priest Don Gino Flaim defends paedophiles and blames love-seeking children
Emails show Qadaffi son offered talks  but Clinton ordered top general to not take the call
Obama: We Wont Turn Syria Into Proxy War Between U.S. And Russia
Toyota, U.S. unsure how ISIS got brand new pickup trucks
Drone Drops Anti-Spying Leaflets Over NSA Facility in Germany
Doctors Without Borders airstrike: US alters story for fourth time in four days
Saudi prince now owns 5% of Twitter
3,500 ft High Glass Skywalk Cracks Under Visitors Feet In China
Landmark High Court ruling on BRCA1 gene patent as pensioner wins legal case - A 69 year-old pensioner from Australia has succeeded in a David-and Goliath battle against a multinational corporation that claimed a patent over her genes.
Irans Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Wednesday banned any further negotiations between Iran and the United States, putting the brakes on moderates hoping to end Irans isolation after reaching a nuclear deal with world powers in July.
U.S. Investigating How ISIS Got All Those Toyota Pickups
Canadas PM Stephen Harper: Human Rights Issues Wont Derail Arms Sale to Saudis
The worlds oceans are under threat from both illegal and mass industrial fishing, in which millions of fish are caught and discarded, experts warned Tuesday
Study finds that 500 biggest US companies stash $2.1 trillion in overseas tax havens; government losses $620 billion in potential taxes.
David Cameron challenged over UN Human Rights deal with Saudi Arabia
Zimbabwe: 14 Elephants killed by cyanide poisoning
Breast cancer gene BRCA-1 cannot be patented, Australian High Court rules
Saudi Arabia: Employer chops off hand of Indian maid for trying to escape torture
Ebola countries record first week with no new cases
Donald Trump goes to Scottish Supreme Court to fight the placement of a wind farm near his golf course because the 11 turbines would spoil the view.
Amnesty tells the US to stop selling arms to Saudi Arabia- The group cites damning evidence of war crimes involving American-made weapons in Yemen.
New Horizons Finds Blue Skies and Water Ice on Pluto
Lake in India so toxic that it froths over and occasionally bursts into flames
Chinese woman with no medical degree or a PhD wins a Nobel Prize for her work in creating an anti-malaria medicine
Russian Offer to Share ISIL Targets With US-Led Coalition Gets No Response
Volkswagens US boss has admitted he was aware early last year of the emissions cheating affecting millions of the companys vehicles.
Israeli Yeshiva student critically injured after being stabbed by a young Palestinian in fourth incident in 24 hours.
Calling Protesters in Chile Dumb, Pope Francis Sets Off Uproar - Pope Francis, called people in Osorno, a city in southern Chile, dumb for protesting against a bishop accused of being complicit in clerical sexual abuse.
British SAS soldiers use mannequins to lure dozens of ISIS into an ambush.
British prime minister David Cameron vows to shut down Islamic schools that teach hate
Pentagon Says North Korea Capable of Nuclear Strike on U.S.
FBI has foiled 4 attempts by gangs to sell nuclear material to ISIS through Russian connections
Fifa: Sepp Blatter, Michel Platini &amp; Jerome Valcke suspended
Hundreds of thousands of migrants will be deported from the EU within weeks under secret plans intended to deter irregular migration
Mexico army boss will not allow questioning of troops in student massacre
Scientists say a dramatic worldwide coral bleaching event is now underway
Saudi Hajj disaster: Photos suggest true death toll in thousands
Italian Priest Dismissed After Blaming Children for Sexual Abuse
Israeli nonprofit SpaceIL secures Moon launch for 2017
Islamic State used mustard gas against peshmerga
At least 30 killed after airstrikes hit wedding in Yemen, officials say
Canadian and US generals discussed the possibility of fully integrating the two countries militaries
Today, 9 October, 2015 WikiLeaks releases the final negotiated text for the TPP (Trans-Pacific Partnership) Intellectual Property Rights Chapter. The TPP encompasses 12 nations representing more than 40 per cent of global GDP.
Mercedes-Benz, Honda, Mazda and Mitsubishi have been found to be part of the diesel emission scandal.
2 weeks after controversial pharma CEO Martin Shkreli announced he would lower the price of Daraprim, its the exact same price
New study finds children living near the Fukushima nuclear meltdowns have been diagnosed with Thyroid cancer at a rate 20 to 50 times that of children elsewhere
Obama Issues Rare Apology Over Bombing of Doctors Without Borders Hospital in Afghanistan
Claims that Russian missiles hit Iran are lies and part of psychological war, says Iranian general Musa Kamali
Parramatta shooting: If you dont like Australia, leave, Muslim leader tells worshippers
Saudi Arabia is responding to the recent Russian air strikes on Syria by stepping up its supplies of lethal weaponry to Syrian rebel groups
The Nobel Peace Prize 2015 was awarded to National Dialogue Quartet for its decisive contribution to the building of a pluralistic democracy in Tunisia in the wake of the Jasmine Revolution of 2011.
Australian mosque leader tells violent Muslims to leave country
Hamas leader declares intifada in the West Bank, says Gaza is prepared for confrontation, violence the only path to liberation.
Saudi Arabia Continues Hiring Spree of American Lobbyists, Public Relations Experts
Obama administration ends $500mn program to train Syrian rebels  report
The Hajj Stampede Was Twice As Bad As Originally Thought
Bavaria threatens to take German government to court over refugees: The state of Bavaria threatened on Friday to take the German government to court if it fails to take immediate steps to limit the flow of asylum seekers to Germany.
Norway to limit asylum grants to five years - Norways right-wing government is to limit grants of asylum to a five-year term, after which refugees will be automatically sent home if the situation in their country has changed for the better.
Ebola detected again in Scottish nurse who first contracted the virus in December last year.
Russian air strikes hit three medical facilities in Syria
Ancient Mars harbored long-lasting lakes, boosting the odds that life could have existed on the Red Planet billions of years ago, a new study suggests.
Ali Mohammed al-Nimr crucifixion: Defiant Saudi Arabia rejects international interference in protesters crucifixion
China said on Friday it would not stand for violations of its territorial waters in the name of freedom of navigation, as the United States considers sailing warships close to Chinas artificial islands in the South China Sea
HIV vaccine human trials to commence
Queen of Ivory Infamous Poaching Mastermind Nabbed in Africa
Manned Russian jets are stalking US Predator drones in Syria
Syrian Kurdish leader: Moscow wants to work with us
Facebook paid 4,327 of UK corporation tax in 2014
South Koreas government has announced controversial plans to control the history textbooks used in secondary schools. The government has argued that current history textbooks are too left-leaning and encourage anti-American and pro-North Korea feelings.
Turkish police use tear gas to prevent mourners from laying flowers at site of bombings
Indian government plans to sell solar power at record low price of $0.07 per unit.
The Chairman of Taiwans Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. has donated all $554 million (USD) of his cash dividends to fund bio-medical research at National Taiwan University.
Police stop guarding Assange embassy
Chinese investors flooding billions into the Australian real estate market prompt money laundering fears
Thousands rally against Erdogan as Turkey mourns deadliest attack
5-Hour Energy creator to donate 10,000 stationary bikes to power homes in India
Greenpeace is planning to buy four coal-fired power plants and their corresponding mines in Eastern Germany for $2.2 billion to shut them down.
Cecil the lion: No charges for Walter Palmer, says Zimbabwe
Exxon Arctic Drilling Benefitting From Global Warming: Oil Company Denied Climate Change Science While Factoring It Into Arctic Operations, Report Shows
This Tiny Country Is Going 100% Organic - Bhutan is only country in world that rejects gross domestic product (GDP) as a measure of progress.
Deleting certain genes could increase lifespan dramatically, say scientists after 10 years research - American scientists exhaustively mapped the genes of yeast cells to determine which affected lifespan
Syria conflict: Assad forces make significant gains
Three injured in stabbing attack near Hadera,Israel.
Saudis tell Russia its actions in Syria will have dangerous consequences
China enters the search for alien life with the construction of the worlds biggest radio telescope
Russias National Anti-Terrorism Committee says it has arrested group of people preparing a terrorist attack in Moscow
Sweden sees highest asylum levels in history - More refugees have sought asylum in Sweden so far in 2015 than in any other year in the Nordic nations history, new figures released by the countrys Migration Agency have revealed.
El Nio could leave 4 million people in Pacific without food or drinking water - Papua New Guinea drought has already claimed 2 dozen lives &amp; looming El Nio weather pattern could be as severe as in 1997-98, when 23,000 people died
Ebola nurse Pauline Cafferkey in serious condition
RAF given green light to shoot down hostile Russian jets in Syria
Syrian rebels decry Russian airstrikes: we have not had Isis here in over a year Residents in areas hit by Russian airstrikes describe widespread destruction of civic buildings and housing while Free Syrian Army largely shelters itself
Swedish university shut down over threats of mass-shooting.
Turing Pharmaceuticals, the drug company that jacked up the price of AIDS and cancer drug 5,000%, is now facing an antitrust probe.
New Edward Snowden? Whistleblower leaks documents on drones and Obamas assassination program
Sweden opens worlds first male rape centre - A hospital in Stockholm is understood to be first in the world to set up an emergency department specifically for male rape victims. The clinic at Sdersjukhuset opened on Thursday as part of a strategy to ensure gender equal patient care.
The Philippines Is Still Pissed Off That Canada Is Using It as a Giant Garbage Bin - The island nation is demanding Canada take back its shipping containers full of rotting food &amp; adult diapers.
Trans-Pacific Partnership text wont be available before election
Dead 13 year old terrorist is alive and being treated in Israeli hospital contrary to claims by Abbas that he was executed by Israel (pictures/article).
Toyota to Phase Out Gas-Powered Vehicles, Doubling Down on Hydrogen
US President Barack Obama has announced that US armed forces have been deployed to Cameroon to help fight against the Islamist militants Boko Haram.
Obama to delay withdrawal of US troops from Afghanistan - Officials say Obama to outline plans to keep 5,500 troops in Afghanistan in 2017, having previously promised to end war on his watch
Queensland makes coding and robotics compulsory in schools
Iran Nuclear Deal has been approved
Canada is preparing to embark on a far-reaching program of financial surveillance of senior public officeholders, from Prime Minister Stephen Harper, Governor-General David Johnston and Supreme Court Chief Justice Beverley McLachlin down to thousands of elected politicians and senior bureaucrats.
The United States Deceptive Anti-Abortion Pregnancy Centers Are Going Global
Eritrean football players have refused to return home after playing a World Cup qualifying match in Botswana and are now seeking asylum
UK denies Julian Assange medical attention
UN: Brazils Police Kill Kids to Clean Streets for Olympics
13-year-old was executed, Abbas claims falsely - PA chairmans speech decries execution of teen terrorist who is being treated in Israeli hospital
Ebola lingers in semen for nine months
Cuban Troops Join the Russian Offensive in Syria
2 Indian Engineers Sued Apple For Copying Their Patent Technology &amp; Won.
Israeli police arrest four Jewish settlers following clashes with Palestinians
Experts astonished by British nurses deterioration to Ebola - Pauline Cafferkeys rapid decline after being cured leaves experts staggered &amp; expressing astonishment at the deterioration of her condition
France says Iran missile test worrying violation of UN resolution
Former Moldova PM Filat arrested over $1 billion bank fraud
Nordic police break up refugee smuggling ring - Swedish and Finnish police have together smashed a network believed to be responsible for smuggling more than a hundred refugees, mainly Iraqi nationals, across the border.
Over 100 anti-TTIP Protesters Arrested in Brussels.Demonstrators said the TTIP is death, claiming it will lower standards of living and damge the environment, while benefiting huge multinationals.
Salman Rushdie warns of new dangers to free speech in West: Violence against writers and a misplaced sense of political correctness pose new dangers to freedom of speech in the West
Earth just had its warmest September on record  by a long shot
Croatia Legalizes Use of Medical Marijuana
Palestinian disguised as a journalist stabs Israeli soldier near Hebron
Turkey downs aircraft on Syria border
The United Kingdom and Sweden are clearly violating international law for refusing to grant Julian Assange medical attention outside the Ecuadorean Embassy in London without arrest, a lawyer for the WikiLeaks founder told RT Thursday.
Aussies get behind proposal to change currency to dollarydoos
Germany spied on the United States, as well as on several embassies and administrations of European states and allies, including France
Bubble plumes off Washington, Oregon suggest warmer ocean may be releasing frozen methane
This Iranian Cartoonist Was Subjected To A Virginity Test For Shaking Her Lawyers Hand - She was also charged with having illegitimate sexual relations.
India- 11 Indian nuclear scientists died mysteriously from 2009-2013.
Adolf Hitlers Mein Kampf to Return to German Bookstores
Game changing breakthrough in solar energy cuts material losses in half and reduces fabrication costs by 80%
Conservatives withhold timeline for revealing full text of TPP deal
Indias forest cover steadily increasing
Few Russians Believe Separatists Shot Down MH17
Malaysia arrests a hacker who provided stolen personal information of U.S. service members to ISIS
Hungary to Seal Border With Croatia to Stem Flow of Immigrants
Aboriginal activists vow to fight nuclear waste shipment destined for Australia
Islam was never part of Europe: Hungarys Orban
After decades of study, scientists are about to agree on how much a kilogram weighs
Uber ride-hailing app does not break law, High Court rules
Incredible Discovery of Fossilized Teeth Show Humans in Asia Long Before Europe - Found in a China cave, they date 80,000-120,000 yrs ago. This is tens of 1000s yrs older than oldest human remains found in Europe &amp; Mediterranean. May be earliest evidence of modern humans outside Africa.
Snowden and Ellsberg hail leak of drone documents from new whistleblower
Japan furious at UNESCO listing Nanjing Massacre documents | Japan may halt funding for UNESCO over the organizations decision to include documents relating to the 1937 Nanjing Massacre in the latest listing for its Memory of the World program.
Saudi Arabia Hajj Disaster Death Toll at Least 2,110
TTIP Already Rewriting the Rule Book for EU Food Standards, New Report Finds: Campaigners say that corporate lobbyists, buoyed by the pending trade agreement, are already lobbying against key food safety measures
5 hurt in terror attack at Beersheba, Israel central bus station
Swiss Anti-Immigration Party Wins Big in Elections
Report: Taliban at their strongest since 2001
Eritrean mistaken for Palestinian shot; beaten by mob in Israel
Japan rejects international court jurisidiction over whaling
UN draft urging member states to decriminalise possession and use of drugs worldwide foiled by at least one country
Court rules Ubers app legal in London: The ruling is a victory for the ride-hailing service, which has faced significant opposition from Londons established cab trade, but taxi drivers already are challenging the decision.
When we told them we were Jews from Israel, they kissed us:Amid tragic circumstances, Israeli boaters save 11 Syrian and Iraqi refugees.
India is planting trees along its railway system across the country to combat environmental issues
Australia Approves Coal Mine That Environmentalists Call A Complete Disaster For Coral Reef
British journalist who worked for BBC found dead at airport in Istanbul | It is not yet known how Ms Sutton, 50, died. Friends questioned Turkish media reports that she killed herself after missing a connecting flight to Erbil and not having the money to buy another ticket.
Researchers accidently find industrial waste, orange peel material sucks mercury out of water
Convert or die ISIS graffiti jihadis declare first European caliphate
Women working for international aid agencies are facing a hidden threat of sexual violence and harassment which their employers routinely ignore or sweep under the carpet, according to testimonies gathered by the Guardian.
Colombian government has acknowledged that crime and smuggling have gone down since Venezuela deployed thousands of troops along their common border two months ago
My cousin made me do it, 13-year-old Palestinian stabber tells police
ISIS Media Blitz Urges Palestinians To Slaughter Jews
Russia aims to increase missions in Syria by 300 a day
Russia takes out 49 ISIS targets 24 hours of ferocious bombing in Syria
Hamas making efforts to carry out suicide attacks against Israel, officials say
Israeli Bedouin leaders condemn despicable Beersheba attack: Heads of minority community in Negev urge calm after Bedouin man carries out fatal attack in bus station.
China economy grows 6.9 percent in Q3, weakest since 2009
Canadas move to legalize marijuana would be the most high-profile rebuke of international drug treaties to date, exposing a huge hole in the treaties, making more nations comfortable with the idea of legalization.
WikiLeaks obtains CIA chiefs hacked emails, says will publish them shortly
Mexico supreme court to discuss legalizing recreational marijuana
Iceland does what the US wont: 26 top bankers sent to prison for role in financial crisis
Astronomers announced today that they have spotted a large, rocky object disintegrating in its death spiral around a distant white dwarf star. This is something no human has seen before, says lead author Andrew Vanderburg. Were watching a solar system get destroyed.
Egyptian Facebook User Sentenced to Three Years in Prison for Putting Mickey Mouse Ears on Sisi
U.S. soldier killed during special ops hostage rescue in Iraq
The Chinese Communist Party has banned all 88 million of its members from joining golf clubs, in its latest update of party discipline rules. Extravagant eating and drinking, and abuse of power, are also formally banned, said Xinhua news agency.
Hiker Discovers Viking Sword in NorwayA hiker sits down to rest finds 1,200-yr-old sword in very good condition, missing only its grip. When the snow has gone, we will check where the sword was found. If we find several objects, or a tomb, perhaps we can find the story behind the sword.
Justin Trudeaus first move as prime minister is to take Canada out of the fight against the Islamic State.
Canada dumps $135 Million Jet
Ai Weiwei accuses David Cameron of sacrificing UKs human rights record for Chinese cash
Syria has warned Qatar of a harsh response after Doha threatened that it may intervene militarily in the Arab country.On Wednesday, the Qatari foreign minister said his country would consider launching a military intervention against the Syrian government with our Saudi and Turkish brothers.
U.S. to Iraq: If Russia helps you fight ISIS, we cant
Europe failing to stop illegal logging, report warns - Plan to tackle $100bn trade in illegal timber is poorly designed, badly managed &amp; ineffective. Illegal logging thought responsible for 1/5 of man-made greenhouse emissions  more than worlds ships, planes, trains &amp; cars combined.
Mass graves of ISIS fighters found by Iraqi Army
Singapore Megachurch Founder Guilty of Pilfering $36 Million to Bankroll Wifes Pop Music Career
Spanish unemployment falls to 21.2%
In a landmark study, scientists at the Delft University of Technology in the Netherlands reported they have conducted an experiment they say proves one of the most fundamental claims of quantum theory  that objects separated by great distance can instantaneously affect each others behavior.
Three Syrian hospitals bombed since Russian airstrikes began, doctors say
Canadian Liberals map swift overhaul of anti-terror law.
The Weight is Over, The Kilogram is Settled
Global temperatures are running far above last years record-setting level, all but guaranteeing that 2015 will be the hottest year in the historical record  and undermining political claims that global warming had somehow stopped.
Russia is pushing for early presidential elections in Syria that may give President Bashar al-Assad a fresh mandate, hardening opposition to demands for his ouster from the U.S. and its allies.
Russian official called out after image of terrorist turns out to be from Harold &amp; Kumar
Hurricane Patricia is now measured to be the strongest Hurricane we have ever seen
At least 39 people feared dead in traffic accident involving truck and bus in south-west France
Gay Sex Is Now Punished With 100 Lashes in Indonesias Province of Aceh
WikiLeaks emails from head of CIA reveal he consulted a mental health expert, suggested US spying on own citizens may be illegal and that his own security firm had been disingenuous to win contract
Survivor of alleged elite paedophile ring including former Australian prime minister speaks out
Pope Franciss enemies inside the church leaked false story that he had a brain tumour, enraged Vatican says
Putin accuses US of backing terrorism in Middle East: No need to play with words and split terrorists into moderate and not moderate
Teen Arrested for Insulting President Erdogan on Facebook.Insulting the president of Turkey is punishable under the law and those guilty face up to four years in prison.
Many Antidepressant Studies Found Tainted by Pharma Company Influence
Islamists recruiting at Norway asylum centres
Cisa amendment would allow US to jail foreigners for crimes committed abroad
Perus Indigenous Women Demand Justice for Forced Sterilization.More than 300,000 women and 20,000 men were subjected to forced steralization to reduce births among Indigenous peoples.
The MP tricked into condemning a fake drug called cake has been put in charge of scrutinising drugs policy in the UK
Putin says Assad could work with rebels against IS, specifically mentioning the Kurdish forces
After massive student protests, South Africa freezes tuition hikes
Cycling to Norway: Hundreds of migrants have cycled into Norway from Russia after finding a new route into Europe that avoids the deadly Mediterranean crossing.
Germany arrests suspected anti-refugee plotters: German officials have arrested three far-right extremists and seized explosive material that could be used in attacks on migrants. The authorities say right-wing groups plan to intensify their anti-refugee violence
Stun grenades and water cannons used on South African university students, as tuition protests continue around the country
The Obama administration is cutting aid to the Palestinians by $80 million in an apparent message to Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas.
Refugees look like an army, says Hungarian PM Viktor Orban Rightwing leader says the flow of people consists of economic migrants and fighters along with refugees as Hungary offers trains for people to return to Turkey
The World Health Organisation is reportedly planning to declare that bacon, sausages and other processed meat cause cancer. Red meat is also expected to be listed as being probably carcinogenic to humans.
47 Percent of Nigerians Dont Wash Their Hands With Soap After Defecation, UNICEF Finds
Greece has seen a record 48,000 migrants and refugees land on its shores in the space of just five days, the International Organization for Migration said on Friday.
2015 Likely to Be Hottest Year Ever Recorded
Human trafficking crackdown on sex trade across Canada yields 47 people charged
The star witness in a case pitting rainforest villagers against a multinational oil giant has admitted to lying under oath in an effort to help Chevron avoid paying a $9.5 billion judgment for deliberate pollution of the Ecuadorian Amazon
Toronto on brink of a mob war, Italy warns
Two children face two years in jail for tearing down Erdoan poster
African Union reports mass graves, cannibalism in South Sudan
Saudi Prince busted smuggling two tons of amphetamines out of Beirut, and some cocaine.
Another MSF (Doctors Without Borders) Hospital Destroyed by Airstrikes, this time in Yemen.
Turkish authorities are seizing two major opposition TV stations, trying to shut it down, police attacking journalists
Roman Polanski should be deported from Poland to the US to face sentence over a conviction for having sex with a minor in 1977, according to the leader of Polands newly elected Law and Justice party.
Malnutrition and other Victorian diseases soaring in England due to food poverty and cuts | Cases of Victorian-era diseases including scurvy, scarlet fever, cholera and whooping cough have increased since 2010
500 billion dollars stolen under Maliki rule in Iraq: official
United Nations votes 191-2 to condemn U.S. embargo against Cuba
This Could Be the Worst Climate Crisis in the World Right Now: Indonesias deforestation nightmare is choking thousands and making climate change worse
Iraq: We Didnt Ask for U.S. Ground Operations
Oxytocin spray improves social skills in some children with autism, world-first study shows
About 1,000 Bikini islanders have applied to relocate to the United States as rising seas threaten their adopted home.
Nasa opens discussion on where to land humans on Mars
Asthma drug could rejuvenate ageing brains, study suggest - Researchers found that a six week course of the drug, montelukast, improved memory and learning in older rodents, with their performance in cognitive tests nearly matching that of much younger animals.
Scientists confirm that East Antarcticas biggest glacier is melting from below.
20,000 orangutans in danger of burning due to fires in Indonesia
Austria to Build Border Fence to Control Flow of Migrants
1,000-year-old Bible recovered in central Turkey
US will fly and sail where international law permits despite rebuke from China
93% of deaths and injuries in Yemen are civilian
Iran Is Invited to Join U.S., Russia and Europe for Talks on Syrias Future
Exxon is denying it deliberately downplayed global warming
Ireland plans to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of drugs, including heroin, cocaine and cannabis
A Huge Fire in the Amazon Likely Caused By Illegal Loggers Threatens Thousands of Indigenous People and an Uncontacted Tribe
Sweden to become worlds first fossil-fuel free nation
Pacific Islands Make Last-Ditch Plea to World Before Paris Climate Change Talks - Unless the world acts decisively in coming weeks, the Pacific as we know it is doomed, said Fijian prime minister Frank Bainimarama.
External factor caused Sinai crash
Saudi Arabia will raise the price of water for non-residential consumers, local media reported, a sign the government is cutting back an expensive system of subsidies as low oil prices strain its finances.
Flight recorders show crashed Russian jet not struck from outside: investigator
Erdogans AKP set to win majority in critical Turkey vote
Details Revealed in Chilling Plot to Execute Anti-ISIS Activists in Turkey
Syria rebels using caged captives as human shields: monitor
Singapore ranked worlds healthiest country, UK fails to make top 20
For the first time since 1948, Egypt votes for Israel at UN
At least 550 wounded in horrific market-bombing in Damascus besieged area
China just unveiled its first large passenger plane
Xu Xiang, boss of Chinas largest local private fund has been arrested due to insider trading and market manipulation
Japan and China agree on moves to mend ties further
Iran starts taking nuclear centrifuges offline | Under the July 14 agreement, Iran is to curb its nuclear programme under United Nations supervision to ensure it cannot be used to make a nuclear weapon, in exchange for the removal of sanctions that have isolated Tehran and hobbled its economy.
China Sends Armed Jets Over Disputed Waters In Response to U.S. Naval Presence
Jihad is a lot of fun, said German rapper turned ISIL pitchman. Now hes reportedly dead from air strike
Majority of Northern Ireland MLAs vote for gay marriage but motion fails for the 5th time in 3 years due to a 5th motion of concern by the DUP.
Living Wage in London rising to 9.40 an hour
Official: Afghanistan will accept deportees from Germany
The worlds largest and the UKs first floating offshore wind development approximately 25 kilometres off the coast of Peterhead has been granted consent, the Scottish Government has announced today.
Ban Ki Moon: It is up to the Syrian people who have to decide the future of President Assad.
Male rape now a crime in China
Airport Security in the Philippines Have Been Putting Bullets in Luggage to Extort Passengers
The Department of Defense (DoD) spent nearly $43 million to build a gas station in Afghanistan that should have cost no more than $500,000 according to a new report by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR).
NASA reveals that Antarctica is actually gaining more ice than it is losing
Lawyers without Borders findings about the Raif Badawi trial: An unfair trial, an incompetent court, a crime which is not one and a punishment that constitutes torture: Saudi Arabia has violated its own laws in addition to its international obligations.
More than 10,000 crocodiles are starving to death on a farm in Honduras after the wealthy family owning them had their assets frozen because of US accusations they laundered money for drug traffickers.
In a six-month period, 70% of detached homes sold in Vancouvers west side went to Mainland China buyers
Amnesty International says oil giant Shells claims of cleaning up spills that have destroyed the livelihoods of hundreds of thousands of Nigerians are false
Satellite detected heat flash at time Russian jetliner went down
Iran Ayatollah: Death to America Refers to US Policies
ISIS Protection Tax Found Among UK Inmates In High-Security Prisons, Report Says. Investigation uncovers scheme to make non-Muslim prisoners py a tax for their protection from radical Muslim prisoners
Tomb Tells Tale of Family Executed by Chinas 1st Female Emperor - 1,300-yr-old tomb, discovered in cave, holds bones of a man who helped the only female emperor rise to power. The epitaphs describe how she then executed him &amp; his entire family.
Money Flooding Out of Canada at Fastest Pace in Developed World
Syria conflict: Russia softens support for Assad, saying it is not crucial for him to remain in power.
TransCanada suspend its US permit application for the controversial Keystone XL pipeline
Shopkeepers revolt has mafia on the run in its Sicilian heartland.
Vatican financial investigators suspect a department of the Holy See which oversees real estate and investments was used in the past for possible money laundering, insider trading and market manipulation
Big solar storm means chance to see Northern Lights in across most of the US and Europe
Iran Says It May Quit Talks on Syria Over Saudis Role
Espionage is fueling Chinas development of high-end weapons systems. China has already created prototypes that are remarkably similar to some of the USs most advanced weapons systems, such as the F-35, USNI reports.
Ecuador said Monday a World Bank arbitration panel has ordered it to pay $1 billion to US oil firm Occidental Petroleum for cancelling a contract. Occidental sued Ecuador in May 2006, after the cancellation of a contract granting it the right to extract 100,000 barrels of oil a day
VW emissions scandal widens to include Porsche claims
Guinness to pour vegan-friendly pints from 2016, after the company revealed it will remove fish guts from the brewing process.
China and France agreed Monday that an international deal to tackle climate change to be negotiated in Paris should include checks on compliance, in what visiting French President Francois Hollande called a historic step forward
Sharp increase in Golan Druze seeking Israeli citizenship as Syria war rages
Black U.S. citizen Kyle Lydell Canty seeks refugee status in Canada: A U.S. citizen has argued before Canadas Immigration and Refugee Board in Vancouver that he should be granted refugee status over fears that he will be killed in his home country by police because he is black.
Mexicos Supreme Court rules that smoking pot is a fundamental human right
The United States takes offense at comments by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus new communications director accusing President Barack Obama of anti-Semitism and suggesting that Secretary of State John Kerry had the mental abilities of a 12-year-old, the State Department said
Maldives impeaches its Vice President by 61-0 vote for plotting to kill its President
We got Pizza and Wings Interactions between rival US and Chinese navies are now so frequent in the South China sea that crews have begun to share weekend stories and plans for the holidays.
Putin suspends Russian flights to Egypt after Sinai plane crash
NASA just announced key findings that explain how extreme climate change transformed Mars into a lifeless desert
Members of the UK parliament could be forced to debate a vote of no confidence in David Cameron, after a petition passed 100,000 signatures
Uber in Egypt to teach drivers how not to sexually harass women
Coal not so amazing, public say, as mining industry advertising backfires - New polling suggests the net approval rating for coal among Australians fell by 9% during the course of Little Black Rock advertising campaign
McDonalds French Fries Now Selling for $133 in Venezuela
Designer cells reverse one-year-olds cancer - The first person in the world to receive a pioneering genetic therapy has had her cancer reversed, say Great Ormond Street doctors.
Protonmail (encrypted email service provider) under sophisticated DDOS attack, official statement suggests state-sponsored actors.
A chemical that could potentially be used in eye drops to reverse cataracts, the leading cause of blindness, has been identified by a team of scientists.
British intelligence has uncovered evidence suggesting the Russian airliner was blown up by an onboard bomb
Unnoticed mining waste dam collapse in Brazil: operated by BHP and Vale accident caused at least 15 deads, 500 people lost their houses and the environment is expected to take 20-30 years to recover
China releases nearly a billion more tons of carbon dioxide annually than previously thought
US knew Afghan hospital was safe from Taliban  but bombed it anyway, say MSF | Accounts from the organisation claim there was no military justification for the US air strike on 3 October that killed 30 medical staff and patients
China opens drone schools as demand for pilots soars: It is estimated the countrys maintenance, mapping, filming and agricultural industries will need more than 10,000 drone pilots this year
China overtakes Canada as largest trade-partner of US | Business Standard News
More Oil Companies Could Join Exxon Mobil as Focus of Climate Investigations
Ex-JPMorgan broker pleads guilty to stealing $20 million to gamble and trade with
US now sees Taliban as reconciliation partners: Pentagon
Unions, lawmakers promise closer scrutiny of Pacific trade pact - Its worse than we thought, Lori Wallach, director of Public Citizens Global Trade Watch
Canadian veteran John Gallagher killed in fight against ISIS.
Police have used anti-terrorism powers to detain UK volunteers taking aid to Calais refugee camp | British volunteers on a humanitarian aid run to refugees in Calais were detained by police under legislation meant to be used against suspected terrorists
Belgium Tells Facebook to Stop Storing Data From Non-Users - Facebook faces a fine of 250,000 euros ($269,000) a day if it doesnt comply
Indonesia is planning to build a prison island guarded by meat-hungry crocodiles for drug convicts. The reason for using the deadly reptiles as prison guards is that crocodiles cannot be bribed unlike human guards.
Turkeys only atheist group launches petition to stop automatically registering all babies as Muslim
Helmut Schmidt, former West German chancellor, dies aged 96
Former Calgary judge investigated for comments made to alleged sex assault victim - Camp asked the complainant during trial, such as: Why didnt you just sink your bottom down into the basin so he couldnt penetrate you? and Why couldnt you just keep your knees together?
Chevron Australias US parent company paid income tax of only $248 last year despite earning an estimated $1.73 billion profit on interest charges to its Gorgon LNG development, documents filed with the Senate inquiry into corporate tax avoidance show.
A Moroccan actor who starred in a controversial film about sex workers says she has fled the North African nation for France after being savagely beaten.
China recently conducted a flight test of a new missile capable of knocking out U.S. satellites as part of Beijings growing space warfare arsenal
Nothing can compete with renewable energy, says top climate scientist | This is not sheer optimism  it is based on analysis of how incumbent systems implode.
U.N. officials claim that 13% of Japanese girls engage in compensated dating angers government
Former British soldier arrested over 1972 Bloody Sunday shootings
Crimes against the environment  such as illegal deforestation, wildlife trafficking and toxic waste dumping  now bring in as much as $213 billion a year, but Interpol officials say the problem is not getting enough attention.
Russia hits back at ISIS by destroying 448 targets in just three days
Two possible ice volcanoes have been identified on the surface of Pluto.
Four Months after Pluto Flyby, NASAs New Horizons Yields Wealth of Discovery
Sicily police arrest convicted terrorist Ben Nasr Mehdi who entered Italy on migrant boat
Karzai calls al-Qaida a myth and denies 9/11 attacks were plotted in Afghanistan
China decries Shenyang pollution called worst ever by activists
Toxic fumes from the Indonesian fires have spread a choking haze across Southeast Asia; scientists warn of health damage
Myanmar ruling party concedes defeat as Suu Kyis party heads for big win
Chinas Dirty Air Just Hit Doomsday Levels | The amount of dangerous, small-particle air pollution in Shenyang was more than 50 times what the World Health Organization says is safe for humans.
More misery ahead for Greeks as economy set to shrink again
Israel: Netanyahu government approves 2,200 new settlement homes amid rising violence
6 Ethiopians Burned to Death in Latest South Africa Xenophobic Attacks
UK surveillance bill could bring very dire consequences, warns Apple chief | Any back door is a back door for everyone, says Tim Cook of proposals to allow authorities to track citizens internet use without requiring warrant
France Drops 20 Bombs On IS Stronghold Raqqa
French Interior Minister: We will start the dissolution of mosques where hate is preached.
French police are using new powers under the state of emergency to question people in the radical jihadist movement. Over 150 searches executed, multiple arrests, and a rocket launcher discovered.
Putin: ISIS financed from 40 countries, including G20 members
Same-sex marriage is now legal in Republic of Ireland
ISIS executes 73 of its own militants for fleeing battle
Anonymous declares war on ISIS
G20: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin agree to Syrian-led transition
France is at war after Fridays attacks on Paris, President Francois Hollande tells the national assembly.
Sikh man wrongly depicted as Paris attacker, faces online fury
Syrian Refugee Puts Paris Attacks Into Perspective In One Simple Sentence - Whats happening to them is happening every day in Syria, 100 times per day for five years, so we know what that means, he said.
The worlds largest nuclear fusion reactor is about to switch on
Bataclan attackers corralled wheelchair spectators on the first floor balcony and shot them each individually
Have you seen this man? Police hunt Salah Abdeslam, suspected to have taken part in the Paris terror attacks.
Turkish ban on Reddit has been lifted
Obama rules out putting U.S. troops on the ground to fight Islamic State
Canadian mosque deliberately set on fire last night according to police
U.S. warplanes strike hundreds of ISIS oil trucks in Syria
Polish minister says Syrians can return to fight and liberate homeland
Egyptian pyramids illuminated with the colors of the Russian and French flags, in a show of solidarity with Moscow and Paris
Islamic State vows to strike America at its center in Washington in new video
Troops find bodies of 78 elderly women in Islamic State mass grave
6 days before the Paris attacks - ISIS commanders evacuated headquarters in Raqqa.
Turkey says notified France twice about Paris attacker -senior official
Japans economy falls back into recession again
The Dalai Lama on terrorist attacks: We cannot solve this problem only through prayers. ... I believe in praying. But humans have created this problem, and now we are asking God to solve it. It is illogical. So let us work for peace ... and not expect help from God, Buddha or the governments.
Justin Trudeau has officially ordered Canadas Justice Minister to start the weed legalization process
Anonymous identified 900 ISIS-related Twitter accounts and now theyve been suspended
Video showing London Muslims celebrating terror attacks is fake. The footage actually shows British Pakistanis celebrating a cricket victory in 2009.
World leaders have taken to calling ISIS Daesh, a word the Islamic State hates.
Russias security chief says a terror act brought down Russian plane in Egypt killing all 224 people on board
Anonymous takes down 5,500 ISIS Twitter accounts
Three syrians arrested in St. Marteen airport with false greek passports
Russia launches cruise missiles at ISIS targets in Syria
All of the attackers from Fridays massacre in Paris so far have been identified as European Union nationals, according to a top EU official. The announcement further casts doubt on the validity of a Syrian passport found near the bodies of a slain attacker.
Russian Warplanes Destroy 140 Terrorist Targets in Syria
Charlie Hebdos post-Paris cover: Fuck their weapons, we have Champagne
President Hollande calls for laws that give authorities the ability to strip French born terrorists of their citizenship
After ISIS Paris Attack, Saudi Arabias King Salman Donates $110M For International Anti-Terrorism Center
Hollande calls for U.S. and Russia to join France and fight this terrorist army in a single coalition
Pregnant Woman Dangling From A Paris Window During Attacks Is Safe
Russia offers $50 million reward for help detaining Egypt plane bombers: TASS
Assad is Not the Enemy of France, ISIS is - Hollande
German police arrest two women, one man in operation linked to Paris attacks
US approves $1.29 bn sale of bombs to Saudi Arabia
Five rescued in Tanzania after 41 days trapped in gold mine
Spain Issues Arrest Warrants for Netanyahu and Senior Israeli Officials
Syrian refugees should be trained into an army to fight Isis, Polands foreign minister says
Stocks of the leading weapons manufacturers have soared following Paris Attacks
Anti-migrant mood deepens in Central Europe after Paris
Reports of gun fire, possible explosions near Saint-Denis area of Paris, France
France Rejects Fear, Renews Commitment To Take In 30,000 Syrian Refugees
Paris attacks: Mother died using her body to shield her five-year-old son from bullets
Despite Paris attacks, Hollande says erecting walls and fences would be the end of Europe.
Indian Government starts offering up to 90% discount on cancer drugs and reduces costs of cardiac implants by 50 to 60 percent.
Russia hits 206 ISIS targets in Syria after confirming bomb downed passenger plane over Sinai
French Police Kill Three, Arrest Three in Saint-Denis Raid
Obama presses Canada for quick TPP approval
Anonymous is crowdsourcing #OpParis, publishes noob guide to hacking
A British couple was found guilty Tuesday of keeping a Nigerian immigrant enslaved for more than two decades, forcing him to work for no pay and threatening him with deportation if he tried to escape, prosecutors said.
Montreal police arrest man in mask who vowed to kill Muslims in Quebec
No explosives found and no arrests made in Hannover, Germany
Turkey detains 8 Europe-bound IS suspects posing as refugees
Sweden raises terror threat level to second highest citing concrete information
Britain wants to close all of its coal-fired power plants by 2025 and lower their output from 2023, the government said on Wednesday, making it the first major economy to put a date on shutting down polluting coal plants to curb carbon emissions.
About 24,000 Colombians filed a class action lawsuit against government agencies after a study revealed the residents in the outskirts of Medelln have been drinking water contaminated with feces for more than 20 years.
ISIS says it smuggled bomb onto Russian plane after finding security loophole - shows photo of improvised Russian plane bomb.
Nigerian Soldiers Arrest Boko Haram Kingpin and Destroy IED Factory
Paris Plans Defiant Night of Food, Drink and Cafe Life in Wake of Attacks
All 129 victims of the Paris attacks have been identified, a French government spokesman says
Japanese whalers fined $1 million by Australian court
Man in Joker Mask Vows to Kill One Arab a Week Across Quebec
Boko Haram overtakes Isis as worlds deadliest terror organisation
Putin Says France Now Ally in Syria as Russia Steps Up Strikes
Indias Largest Muslim Organisation To Lead Protests Across The Country Against ISIS
Fighters in Syria are on steady doses of an amphetamine called Captagon. This allows them stay up for days, killing with a numb, reckless abandon. Side effects include psychosis and brain damage
Shots fired at Radisson Hotel in Bamako, Mali (French)
British police still shun guns despite Paris attacks: We are an unarmed force  were proud of that
US Approves $1.29 Billion Arms Sales to Saudi Arabia
Czech Republic to deliver 10 million rounds of ammunition and 5,000 grenades to Peshmerga forces fighting ISIS
Gunfire, explosions, hostage situation as jihadists attack luxury Radisson hotel in Mali - reports
Saudi court sentences Palestinian poet to death for apostasy
U.S. criticizes Israels punishment of 6 weeks community service for policeman filmed beating Palestinian-American teen. US says says evidence of excessive force is clear and the sentence doesnt promote accountability
Ukrainian President supports replacing Russian with English on all passports
A leaked Malaysian police report alleges there could be at least ten ISIS suicide bombers in Kuala Lumpur, where leaders from 18 countries, including the US, Russia, Japan and China, are set to gather this weekend for the Association of Southeast Asian Nations summit
28 terrorists killed in Chinas Xinjiang province
King Abdullah of Jordan: We Are Facing A Third World War
Bataclan concert hall will reopen despite Paris attacks
Now that TPP agreement has been reached - theres plenty of time for public debate: Obama responding to a question from a Malaysian youth who said the TPP was elitist and excluded most voices
By extending state of emergency, France can now block websites
China Has a $1.2 Trillion Ponzi Finance Problem
Boko Haram, responsible for the Nigeria explosion this week and kidnapping 300 girls last year, is the now worlds most dangerous terrorist group - not ISIS (Daesh)
World powers are poised to forge a single resolution at the United Nations Security Council to declare a common war against Isis and eradicate jihadists in Iraq and Syria
On the run from Isis: Jihadists targeting Paris attacker Salah Abdeslam for chickening out of killings
U.S. Releases Convicted Israeli Spy Jonathan Pollard After 30-Year Prison Term
The Islamic State group is aggressively pursuing development of chemical weapons, setting up a branch dedicated to research and experiments with the help of scientists from Iraq, Syria and elsewhere in the region, according to Iraqi and U.S. intelligence officials.
Loud explosion after security alert, evacuation at London tube station
(France) Army recruitment inquiries triple since attacks
Swedish Jews close synagogues after terror threat raised
A new study shows that the most widely used insecticides in the worldneonicotinoidsturn bumblebees into more bumbling pollinators, leading to lower yields for apples and perhaps other plants that they visit.
Putin calls Turkey accomplices of terrorists after Russian jet shot down
Fighter jet goes down in flames near Syrian border: Turkeys Haberturk TV footage
Nestl admits slavery and coercion used in catching its seafood
Frances leading Muslim body called Tuesday for imams to require a permit to preach and for a new religious body to fight back against jihadist propaganda. The countrys imams should be given a certificate -- like a driving licence -- that ensured they promoted a tolerant and open Islam.
Reports of Russian helicopter downed during search for fighter jet pilot.
Vladimir Putin warns of serious consequences following Turkey shooting down Russian jet
West should learn from Iraq and Libya, says Russian envoy Vladimir Morozov.We can remember Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. In both cases, it was said that if you remove the dictator, the country will prosper. The result as we can see is quite different, he said
Russia to cut off natural gas to Ukraine
Secret cell of British Muslim women encouraging others to join Islamic State exposed
US issues worldwide travel alert
Eating less meat only way to save planet, warns climate think tank: We cannot avoid dangerous climate change unless consumption trends change.
NATO calls extraordinary meeting after Turkey downs Russian jet
Young to be poorer than parents at every stage of life
Taiwanese beauty queen kicked out of Miss Earth pageant for refusing to change Taiwan ROC sash to Chinese Taipei
New chemical attack fears as Paris health authority reports protective suits stolen from hospital
Boy dies of Ebola in Liberia, first such fatality in months
Government is ignoring ISIS recruitment in Ireland says top Muslim cleric
More Mexicans leaving US than arriving
Russias Lavrov cancels scheduled visit to Turkey
French police: Explosive belt without detonator found in southern Paris suburb of Montrouge
Putin: Russia will not tolerate such crimes as attack against its Sukhoi-24 plane
Bomb explodes outside Greek business federation offices in Athens: police
Sweden set to tighten asylum rules for refugees
Israel nuclear weapons arsenal includes 115 warheads, according to a new report by the Institute for Science and International Security, a Washington, DC-based think tank
Norway to raise taxes to pay for refugees
I gave the order myself  Turkish PM on downing Russian plane
Severe blow: Al Qaeda suicide bomber takes out leadership of key ISIS brigade
Depressed Elephant Has Been Living In A Concrete Cell For 61 Years
Hackers knock out ISISs Dark Net propaganda site
BBC: Downed plane pilot denies Turkey warning
Iranian Authorities Overrule Husband, Allow Female Soccer Captain To Travel To World Cup Event
All Russian tourist agencies stop selling Turkey trips, cancel charter flights
Turkey downed Russian fighter jet to protect ISIS oil sales: Putin
Russian lawmakers submit bill to hold to account anyone who denies Armenian genocide: RIA
Syrian and Russian special forces have rescued the second pilot of a Russian warplane shot down by Turkey and he is now at a Russian air base in Syria
Turkish military release radar image tracking Russian fighter jet over Turkish territory before attack. Radar shows Russian jet only over Turkey for 10 seconds.
All Russian bombers in Syria will now be escorted by fighters.
Russia bombards Syrian rebels near site of downed Russian jet
Gambia bans female genital mutilation
Greece Agrees With Russian Assessment of Turkeys Unfriendly Actions
No war with Turkey - Russia condemns planned provocation and expresses disappointment over Ankara prioritizing contact with NATO
Syrian military source says rebels making heavy use of U.S.-made anti-tank missiles paid for by Saudi Arabia and supplied via Turkey
Flight data released by Russian Ministry of Defense shows that the Su24 never entered Turkey.
Erdogan: We didnt know warplane was Russian
US says it cannot coordinate with Russia until they stop killing so many civilians and moderate rebels.
Russia to stop air communication with Turkey
Europe should take no more refugees, says French prime minister
NATO backs Turkey over Russian aircraft
Over 1/2 the worlds primates on brink of extinction - International experts call for urgent action to protect mankinds closest living relatives. Highlight threat to lesser-known apes &amp; monkeys from large-scale habitat destruction &amp; illegal wildlife trade
Archeologists in Croatia announced their discovery of a 3,500-year-old sunken town in Adriatic Sea near Zadar, a southern coastal city.
Amnesty International says Qatar has done almost nothing effective to end chronic labour exploitation since it was chosen five years ago to host the football World Cup in 2022.
#SueMeSaudi: Twitter users taunt Saudi Arabia
Erdoan: I will resign if any oil purchase from Daesh is proven
Pope says fundamentalism is disease of all religions
Australia: MP says tyranny of political correctness stops debate on Islam and extremism
Wales has become the first nation in the UK to introduce a revolutionary new system to increase organ donors: adults will be regarded as having consented to organ donation unless they have opted out.
North Korea violates UN resolution with submarine missile launch that failed to make it above water
11,571 Norwegians have registered for licences to kill 16 wolves, although the country may have only 30 in the wild
Yemen crisis: Sanaa resident describes Saudi-led bombing as like being at the centre of an earthquake
Putin makes 99-year-old daughter of Tsarist general a Russian again
Thai printer replaces International New York Times article with blank space instead of critical piece on stagnant Thai economy
Schools shut in Beijing as air pollution reaches hazardous levels | CTV News
World headed toward suicide if no climate agreement: pope
The Chinese renminbi will join the dollar, euro, yen and pound as one of the worlds main reserve currencies
The ocean is filling up with a mysterious life form and scientists dont know why: Phytoplankton, micro-organisms that float, as opposed to swim, are rapidly thriving in the North Atlantic, suggesting an environmental shift that defies previous scientific predictions.
Dubai to make solar panels on rooftops compulsory by 2030
US Marine Found Guilty of Killing Transgender Filipino
Top US Intelligence Chief Calls Iraq War A Huge Mistake
BlackBerry leaves Pakistan following government backdoor demands
Germany to join military action against Islamic State in Syria but wont participate in air strikes
Global warming could suffocate life on Earth as oxygen levels fall, research shows
Big Data Predicts Centuries Of Harm If Climate Warming Goes Unchecked
ISIS is preparing a backup capital in case its major center in Syria falls
Express Scripts Covers $1 Alternative to $750 Pill Daraprim
The International Monetary Fund has officially designated the Chinese yuan a global reserve currency.
Worlds largest Muslim group, Sunni movement launches anti extremism campaign
U.S.-led coalition is finding and killing a mid- to high-level Islamic State leader every two days
Mount Etna has errupted
Uruguay makes dramatic shift to nearly 95% electricity from clean energy: In less than 10 years the country has slashed its carbon footprint and lowered electricity costs, without government subsidies
ISIS Dumping Dead Bodies On Syrian Streets Causes Deadly Flesh-Eating Disease To Spread
Exxon could lose billions in climate change lawsuit
Enoughs enough: Former deputy prime minister of Australia calls for travel warnings after US shootings
Denmark votes No on adopting EU rules
Turkish jets, two armed, violate Greek air space | News
Latin Americas Largest Ever Legal Marijuana Crop Planted in Chile: Medical marijuana advocates won a huge victory in Chile in November as the regional agriculture authority approved a 6,900-plant marijuana farm and a team of volunteers planted 20 strains of high-potency marijuana seeds
The number of Muslims attacked each week in London has more than tripled since the Paris attacks, figures show. The Met said in the week prior to the attacks on 13 November there were 24 recorded Islamophobic incidents. Two weeks after there were 76.
Australia Passes New Law to Strip Jihadists of Citizenship
Israel Arrests Young Jews Suspected of Terrorism Against Palestinians
With average speed of 16.1 Mbps, Lithuania offers best public WiFi in the world
Turkey gives the cold shoulder to US proposal to seal Syria border
Egypt: 12 Killed, 5 Hurt in Firebomb Attack at Nightclub
How the Toxic Trade Deal Youve Never Heard Of Could Kill the Climate: TiSA seeks to place corporate handcuffs on government attempts to steer away from fossil fuels, says Global Justice Now
Russia just successfully tested an anti-satellite missile
Bhutan has most ambitious pledge at the Paris climate summit: Himalayan kingdoms forests absorb three times more CO2 emissions than its population create, helping to make it the worlds most carbon negative country
Research finds rich nations fossil fuel subsidies exceed climate aid 40 to 1
Former Isis hostage says airstrikes on Syria are a trap
Paris attack fugitive posed as refugee at Budapest railway station in September, Hungarian government claims
Saudi Arabia Spends over $60bln in war on Yemen
German government agrees to participate in Syrian war
Japan defies world as research ship embarks on minke whale kill
The US State Department has approved a $1.29 billion arms sale to Saudi Arabia, which includes as many as 13,000 precision guided weapons or smart bombs. The sale comes as Human Rights Watch charges that Saudi airstrikes in Yemen have indiscriminately killed and injured civilians.
Trump cancels trip to Israel after Netanyahu releases statement about Trumps proposed Muslim ban, saying Israel respects all religions and strictly guarantees the rights of all its citizens.
Mina stampede deaths three times higher than acknowledged by Saudi authorities, up to 2,411 compared to 769 official figures
A Canadian ISP has received a public backlash after posting a list on its Facebook page of 25 subscriber names who had not paid their overdue bills, in order to publicly shame them into paying
Nicola Sturgeon removes Donald Trump as business ambassador for Scotland
Kim Jong-uns uncle admits he defected to U.S. due to fears of being victimized during power struggles
Two detained in Finland over ISIS executions - suspected of murdering 11 on video
Fukishima Radiation Off West Coast of North America Continues to Increase and Spread
Saudi women face off against men for first time in elections: Not only can they run in a government election for the first time, it is the first time they are permitted to vote at all
Japanese PMs website hacked by whaling protesters.
Nurseries in Qatar have canceled childrens festive concerts for Christmas following a directive from authorities reminding them not to hold non-Islamic rituals.
Anonymous declares this Friday Troll ISIS Day
A 15-year-old and a 20-year old have been arrested in counter-terrorism raids in Sydney.
Refugee crisis could lead to Britain leaving EU, David Cameron says
Mars moisture-farming mission gets approval for 2018 launch
Irans Rouhani to Erdogan: in Iran there is democracy and sometimes media publish such articles. referring to Erdogans criticism of articles published in Iran about him.
UK has lost world climate leadership role by axing domestic green policies - Leading scientists and former ministers say the country has undermined its record as a world leader on climate change and is moving backwards
Ammunition, IS propaganda found after France mosque closure
Kim Jong Un says N. Korea has hydrogen bomb, becomes powerful nuclear state
An anti-corruption documentary is gaining momentum in Russia  and the government is taking notice
A brazen Taliban assault on an air base outside the southern Afghan city of Kandahar triggered a 24-hour gunbattle that killed at least 37 people and was still underway. Also Wednesday, the Taliban seized a district in another southern province, Helmand, killing 14 Afghan security forces
Swiss police raise alert level in Geneva acting on intelligence of terror suspects in city or wider region
Two servicemen have told Congress that American special forces called in an air strike on a hospital in Afghanistan because they believed the Taliban were using it as a command center, contradicting the militarys explanation that the attack was meant for a different building.
Toronto Taxi Drivers Are Comparing Uber to ISIS And Hanging on to Moving Vehicles in Protest
Japanese authorities make another grim ghost ship discovery
Saudi Arabia elects up to 17 female councillors in historic election
Drug giant Reckitt Benckiser ordered to pull painkillers off Australian shelves after admitting products for specific types of pain were identical - but sold at double the price of its standard painkiller
Maltese ships owned by Turkish presidents son being implicated in ISIS oil trade
Fracking no longer viable, says UK government advisor
Deadly bomb rips through Pakistan market killing at least 20 people and wounding 40 others
Denmark passes law to seize jewelry from refugees to cover expenses
Merkel wants to drastically reduce refugee arrivals in Germany
French far right Front Nationale routed in key vote
The September stampede during the hajj in Saudi Arabia killed at least 2,411 pilgrims, a new Associated Press count shows, three times the number of deaths acknowledged by the kingdom three months later.
Car ramming attack in central Jerusalem. 4 people injured.
725,000 People Evacuated as Typhoon Slams Into Philippines
Gaza rocket lands in Israel
Tokyos drone squad will deploy 10-foot drones armed with nets to police the sky: Squad will patrol no-fly-zones and order unlawful operators to land their drones
Turkish troops start to leave Iraqi camp after Baghdad orders them out
President Yahya Jammeh has declared The Gambia an Islamic state
Turkey says its patience with Russia has a limit
A judge in Mexico City has sentenced two men to 520 years in prison for the kidnap and murder of 13 young people at a bar in the city two years ago.
Crude falls below $35 per barrel for first time since 2009
Websites Stirring up Social Strife to be Blocked Within 5 Days in Russia
About 30 dead after Argentinian border staffs bus crashes into ravine
Frances National Front shut out of regional elections
Rare Forest Elephants Seen for the First Time in South Sudan - A recent camera trap survey also spied a wealth of other species thriving in remote forests despite the young countrys civil unrest
AP: Global supermarkets selling shrimp peeled by slaves
Thousands (35000 estimated) march in support of Polands new government.
Many women in Stem fields expect to quit within five years, survey finds.
Just miles from the US border, Lexmark fires 90 long-term employees who asked for their pay to be increased by 6 pesos to 120 pesos ($7) a day.
IS Has Lost 40% Of Its Iraqi Territory
French teacher invented school attack
Putin signs law allowing Russia to overturn rulings of international rights courts
Pope refuses to wear bullet proof vest for Christmas speech amid ISIS threat...
Burundi: Help us, the world needs to know that a genocide is underway
Germany arrests Islamist preacher on charges of recruiting militants.
Decline in over 3/4 of UK butterfly species is final warning, says Chris Packham - Conservationist calls for urgent research into disappearance of British butterflies after survey reveals dramatic declines in common species over last 40 yrs
An increasing number of asylum seekers from Afghanistan, Iraq and Kosovo are returning to their countries, saying that they had expected better care and a shorter asylum process in Austria.
Never Mind $35, The Worlds Cheapest Oil Is Already Close to $20
The FBI has arrested a Maryland man who they say received about $9,000 from IS to carry out an attack in the US | Mohamed Elshinawy, 30, is being held on a number of charges.
Egypt must immediately release a 14-year-old boy who says he was sexually abused in detention by police using a wooden stick and bring his alleged torturers to justice, Amnesty International said.
Romanian lawmakers vote to ban medicine ads to stop self-diagnosis
29-year-old arrested and two are held over January Charlie Hebdo massacre
Shrimp sold by global supermarkets is peeled by slave labourers in Thailand
NZ confirms Silver Fern as flag referendum candidate
Teacher who allegedly made up ISIS knife attack in Paris could face prosecution
Two unpublished investigations show that the United States has consistently overlooked killings and torture by Iraqi government-sponsored Shiite militias.
Saudi Arabia forms coalition of 34 Islamic countries to fight terrorism
China and Israel boost science research ties: The joint research will be conducted in the fields of brain sciences, nanotechnology, 3-D printing, biomedicine, renewable energy, computer sciences, the aging of the population, smart cities and more
UK Astronaut Tim Peake begins his landmark flight to the ISS
U.S. tech firms that dont adequately warn users in Europe how their information is going to be used could face fines in the billions of dollars under a new European privacy protection directive expected to be agreed upon on Tuesday.
There is no Nazi gold train, Polish scientists say: Scientists reject claim by amateur treasure hunters that a train laden with gold, jewels, weapons and stolen art is hidden in railway embankment.
Le Pen acquitted of inciting hatred
Maternal exposure to anti-depressant SSRIs linked to autism in children
Donald Trump loses Scottish windfarm appeal
North Korea sentences Canadian pastor to hard labor for life
Brazil downgraded to junk status by 2nd risk agency, with negative outlook for further downgrades.
No regime change in Syria: After talks in Moscow, Kerry accepts Russian stance on Assad
A moderate Muslim group says that a Singapores Penal Code section, which covers actions done with deliberate intent to wound the religious or racial feelings of any person, curbs freedoms in Singapore and contradicts with secularism.
Members of Qatari Ruling Family Kidnapped in Iraq While Hunting
Report: Arctic temperatures hit record high
November was Earths warmest such month on record by a huge margin - 1.05 degrees Celsius, or about 1.9 degrees Fahrenheit, warmer than the 1951 to 1980 average. Its also the second month in a row that Earths temperature exceeded 1 degree Celsius above average.
Taliban Join Global Effort to Kill Off Polio in 2016
Hamas political leader: Stabbers are the most exalted, noblest of people
Iran seizes more than 40,000 cars over womens veil offenses
Iran violated a U.N. Security Council resolution in October by test-firing a missile capable of delivering a nuclear warhead, a team of sanctions monitors said, leading to calls in the U.S. Congress on Tuesday for more sanctions on Tehran.
After the Syrian Kurds failed to receive an invitation to the Syrian opposition conference in Riyadh, Russias Deputy Foreign Minister has stated that Russia is against excluding the Kurds from the Syrian peace negotiations
Two teams of physicists working independently at the Large Hadron Collider at CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research, reported on Tuesday that they had seen traces of what could be a new fundamental particle of nature.
China is continuing to commandeer islands in the South China Sea
Two Palestinians on trial in Germany for targeting Israeli embassy
European teenagers face having to secure parental permission to join the likes of Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat before the age of 16, under new EU data protection proposals.
Global supermarkets selling shrimp peeled by slaves: More than 2,000 trapped fishermen have been freed this year as a result of an ongoing Associated Press investigative series into slavery in the Thai seafood industry.
Hamas: Jerusalem car-ramming terrorist was a member.
Revealed: Rupert Murdoch and top News Corp bosses meetings with government ministers
US Not Seeking Regime Change in Syria, John Kerry Says After Meeting With Russian President
Germany: armored truck robbed by group using anti-tank rocket launcher and automatic weapons. Police still searching for suspects
Germany makes Facebook, Google, and Twitter remove hate speech within 24 hours
Peru is planning to sanction Kimberly-Clark for allegedly conspiring with a competitor to set prices for toilet paper and other products
Pope Francis is urging governments to consider granting a Holy Year amnesty to prisoners, find alternatives to incarceration and at the very least abolish the death penalty, in his annual peace message released Tuesday.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa boss Michel Platini have been suspended for eight years from all football-related activities following an ethics investigation.
A group of Kenyan Muslims travelling on a bus ambushed by Islamist gunmen protected Christian passengers by refusing to be split into groups, according to eyewitnesses. The bus was travelling from the capital Nairobi to the town of Mandera.
African lions will be added to the endangered species list, activists say
Nigerian Army killed thousands of Shia Muslims &amp; burried them in mass graves
Stoner sloth anti-drug campaign gets reality check as medical experts walk away
Minority killings by IS should be recognised as genocide
Chinese censors ban North Korean music group over anti American lyrics
Venezuela frees Pepsi workers it arrested for not making enough Pepsi
Australian woman, known for her generosity, leaves an amazing legacy by donating her $4.3m fortune to the homeless in her will.
Russia says black box from warplane downed by Turkey unreadable
Juniper Warns Of Spying Code In Firewalls: Juniper, a major manufacturer of networking equipment, said on Thursday [17 December 2015] it found spying code planted in certain models of its firewalls, an alarming discovery that echoes of state-sponsored tampering.
China names and shames five badly behaving tourists
Greece to recognize Palestinian state
New super condom will fight HIV and increase sexual pleasure, scientists claim
Landslide of construction debris and earth destroys 33 buildings in China, 59 people missing
Spains ruling conservatives win election, fall short of majority
Check travellers IDs or be fined, Sweden warns - Infrastructure Minister Anna Johansson has warned public transport companies that failing to check traveller identities before they enter Sweden could result in fines of up to 50,000 kronor.
Joint Operations calls citizens to evacuate Ramadi within 72 hours - Iraqi News
Study reveals that the majority of Syrian rebels are sympathetic to ISIS
Pakistani Taliban calls Isis un-Islamic - snubs Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is merely a local gang leader and not caliph
Nature Index: Since 2012, Chinas total contribution in high-quality science has risen to become the second largest in the world, surpassed only by the United States.
Turkish offensive kills over 100 Kurdish fighters
An American woman was shot dead in her Kabul apartment building on Sunday night
Suspected Russian warplanes kill scores in Syrian city
Slovenia rejects same-sex marriage law by large margin
SpaceXs Falcon 9 rocket successfully lands upright.
Drunk people account for 70% of weekend emergency room visits in UK city
New ruling means US big game hunters wont be able to bring home African lion parts as trophies
Zimbabwe to make Chinese yuan legal currency after Beijing cancels debts.
Qatar Rejects 7,000 workers have died on 2022 tournament projects despite trade union allegations of modern slavery
ISIS beheads ten of its own militants for escaping battlefield in Mosul
Six U.S. troops killed outside U.S. airbase by suicide bomber on a motorcycle
ISIL Leaders Mobile Phone Shows Turkeys Support
Researchers Solve Juniper Backdoor Mystery; Signs Point to NSA
Greece Parliament votes and approves recognition of Palestine as a state
Almost too late: fears of global superbug crisis in wake of antibiotic misuse
In leaked tape, ex-Argentine FM says Iran bombed Jewish center
Bacteria that resist the antibiotic of last resort - colistin - have been discovered in the UK.
Islamic State chief Baghdadi claims hes global leader of Muslims; Pakistans Taliban says no
Ford, Google to build self-driving cars together
Japan to install anti-aircraft and anti-ship missile batteries on 200 islands in East China Sea to check Beijings influence
One of Worlds Largest Coal Ports Approved for Great Barrier Reef area
Sky switches on porn filter by default. Broadband giant Sky will block adult content by default for all new customers, the company has announced.
Apple warns UK surveillance bill would spark serious international conflicts
Hungary accuses Austria of stupidity in refugee crisis
Iraqi army to start attack on ISIS-held Ramadi city in coming hours: Commander
Toshiba cuts 7,800 jobs following accounting scandal
Paris attacks suspect got past three police checks
A Syrian artist who was accused of being an opposition activist and tortured in a detention centre has drawn pictures of his experiences - and described how he became numb to death, as dead bodies were piled up in the cell he shared with dozens of other naked prisoners.
Boko Haram Forces More Than 1 Million Kids Out of School
New law in India would try teens as adults for rape, murder
Colombia legalizes medical marijuana
Anonymous has declared cyber-war on Turkey: Turkey is supporting Daesh [ISIS] by buying oil from them, and hospitalizing their fighters. We wont accept that Erdoan, the leader of Turkey, will help [ISIS] any longer,
Research reveals five major banks, JP Morgan, Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank, Nomura and Morgan Stanley, paid no UK corporation tax in 2014
Terror attack foiled in French region of Orleans
New Zealand Judge rules Kim Dotcom can be extradited to US
German court ruling: you can force your ex lover to destroy your naked photos
The Pirate Bay Co-Founder Makes Kopimashin Music Piracy Device,Device creates $10m daily music loss
Kenya: Muslim Women gave hijabs to Christians as Muslim men confronted gunmen, witness says
More Than Exxon: Big Oil Companies for Years Shared Damning Climate Research - New investigative reporting exposes a task force headed by the American Petroleum Institute also knew about global warming since the 1970s
North Korea Blasts Canada for Daring to Pick a Quarrel Over Life Sentence of Pastor
Africa: Zambia pardons singer who raped 14 year old - makes him ambassador against sexual violence
Jordan rejects Hamas leaders request to visit, calling him unwelcome in the kingdom
US Intercepts Cyanide-Laced Chinese Pharmaceuticals - FDA
Russian bombing kills 70 Civilians on Sunday.
Air pollution in India now worse than China
Saudi Arabia jails reformist writer Zuhair Kutbi--A Saudi writer who has called for political reform is reported to have been sentenced to four years in prison.
Ginger extremist who fantasized about killing Prince Charles so Harry could be king detained indefinitely
Germany withdraws Patriot missile defense systems from Turkey
Russias lower house of parliament has approved a bill letting Federal Security Service (FSB) officers shoot at crowds, as well as at women and children under certain conditions.
Hamas leader expelled from Turkey
Twenty-three companies fined for causing forest fires leading to Indonesia haze: Twenty-three companies have been fined or had licenses revoked after causing forest fires that spread thick haze across Southeast Asia. The Indonesian government said it was still investigating scores of other firms
Miss Iraq pageant held for first time in 43 years
Sex tape row: German court orders man to destroy naked images
Brazilian president rejects settler leader as Israeli envoy
Pentagon thwarts Obamas effort to close Guantanamo
Rare Footage of Giant Squid in Japan
Muslims tell ISIS theyd rather see Star Wars than fight in Syria
Syrian Journalist Who Documented ISIS Atrocities Is Killed in Turkey. His death came a day before he and his family were to fly to France, where they were seeking asylum
North Koreas second most-powerful man sent to work in mine for ideological reeducation
Austria Turns Away Hundreds of Migrants for Lying About Nationality
Saudi Grand Mufti calls ISIS part of the Israeli army
What has war yielded, neither land nor heaven- Indian PM Modi to Pakistan PM Sharif
Ancient arch attacked by ISIS to be rebuilt in London using worlds largest 3D printer
Islamic State theologians have issued an extremely detailed ruling on when owners of women enslaved by the extremist group can have sex with them, in an apparent bid to curb what they called violations in the treatment of captured females.
A new type of basaltic rock has been discovered on the surface of the moon by the Chinese Jade Rabbit moon rover.
Belgians arrest 2 accused in New Years terror plot
Germany gives green light to bicycle highways
Chinese companies that helped fuel the global hoverboard craze are unraveling rapidly, after Western retailers like Amazon demanded new safety and legality standards earlier this month [December 2015].
Five years in jail for men who emotionally bully wives: New law will target bullies who control partners with coercive and controlling behaviour
Iran Hands Over Stockpile of Enriched Uranium to Russia... to soon be allowed to sell oil and operate in global financial markets
Registrar Shuts Down All Pirate Bay Domain Names
The Irish Government has taken unprecedented action to deport a man it claims is Islamic States main recruiter of extremists in the Republic.
Saudi Arabia to raise domestic petrol prices by up to 40% as low oil price hits home
Saudi Arabia hikes petrol prices by 40% at the pump
World Health Organization declares Guinea Ebola-free after more than 2,500 deaths
Hacker group Anonymous is helping the Making a Murderer convict and says itll release critical new documents
Russia has removed uranium from Iran
China threatens to shoot down Australian aircraft.
Israel warns Brazil to accept its settler ambassador
Dutch government backs strong encryption, condemns backdoors
ISIS Militants Strap Bomb on 4 Year-Old Boy and Blow Him Up after Killing the Childs Father
Canada proceeding with controversial $15-billion Saudi arms deal despite condemning executions
Brazil is heading for its worst recession since 1901
British ISIS militants desperate plea for doctors to join the terror group as he admits many fighters are dying due to poor treatment in latest sign of the groups collapse
Malaysias schools will start holding anti-ISIS talks for kids
Saudi Arabia omitted from UK death penalty strategy to safeguard defence contracts - Kingdom is only major death penalty state missing from document setting out UK strategy to curb executions
ISIS executes first female journalist. One of her last posts complained of limits on wifi
The U.S. Justice Department has sued Volkswagen for up to $90 billion for allegedly violating environmental laws - five times regulators initial estimate and a reminder of the carmakers problems nearly four months after its emissions scandal broke.
Leaked memo shows Saudi Arabia was fully prepared for executions backlash  and went ahead anyway | Middle East | News
Sister of British extremist fighter says she will kill him myself if he is new Jihadi John
Mexico first country to approve Israeli drug that cures early-stage prostate cancer
Jihadi Junior - 6 or 7 year old boy in new Islamic State video, identified by grandfather in London
Nuns claim they were forced to brand themselves with fire, eat out-of-date food and write orders of obedience in their own blood in Mafia-style initiations at Italian convent
Malaysia Airlines temporarily bans checked baggage for flights to Europe due to safety, strong head winds
Fat cat Tuesday as top bosses pay overtakes UK workers
The United Nations special rapporteur for human rights in the Palestinian territories, Makarim Wibisono, submitted his resignation to the president of the Human Rights Council on Monday, citing Israels refusal to grant him access to the West Bank and Gaza.
Merkel rejects Bavarian bid for refugee limit: Amid ongoing tensions with her allies in Bavaria, Angela Merkel has refused their plan to place a cap on incoming aslyum seekers. The proposed upper limit of 200,000 for 2016 was not the chancellors position.
Yemen centre for blind hit in Saudi coalition air raid
Mass murderer Anders Behring Breiviks court case against the Norwegian state over his prison conditions, which he likens to torture, will take place in the jail where he is being held.Breivik killed 77 people because he was opposed to Norways multiculturalism.
Kuwait has recalled its ambassador to Iran in the latest episode of a regional diplomatic crisis following the execution of a prominent religious leader in Saudi Arabia, the official Kuwait News Agency reported.
Britain set for first mass strike by doctors in 40 years
First known hacker-caused power outage signals troubling escalation
Kuwait becomes latest Saudi ally to downgrade ties with Iran
Do Your Cars Emit Oxygen? Indian Supreme Court to car manufacturers including Toyota and Mercedes, who want ban on their larger diesel cars in Delhi to be revoked
Iran removes core of Arak heavy water nuclear reactor and fills it with concrete, fulfilling one of its key obligations in the nuclear deal
In an extremely unusual airstrike, the U.S. dropped bombs Sunday in central Mosul, Iraq, destroying a building containing huge amounts of cash ISIS was using to pay its troops and for ongoing operations
U.N. says some of its peacekeepers were paying 13-year-olds for sex
Explosion in Istanbuls Sultanahmet, injuries reported
Nestle the worlds largest food producer is to be sued over allegations that it used child slaves to harvest cocoa in the Ivory Coast in Africa.
Scientists may have detected gravity waves for the first time ever
Germany sends migrants back to Austria
More than 200 children were abused in choir run by Pope Benedicts brother
Qatar bans film The Danish Girl about a transgendered Danish artist for moral depravity
Most of Istanbul blast victims are German citizens - sources in Turkish PM office
ISIS gunmen, suicide bombers, and car bomb kill 17 at Baghdad mall
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has advised clients to brace for a cataclysmic year..Sell Everything..Oil may touch US$ 16/brl
Today junior doctors in the UK go on strike for the first time in 40 years after the government has tried to sell an 30-40% salary pay cut as an 11% pay rise, and make them work longer hours than they currently do
Bankers charged in euro rate-rigging case: Nearly a dozen former top bankers have been charged with colluding to rig a key euro benchmark borrowing rate. But almost half the defendants didnt appear in court
Merkel Says Europe Is Vulnerable in Refugee Crisis
GoPro Footage from Arrest of El Chapo
A teenager who attacked a Jewish teacher in the French port of Marseilles said he did it in the name of the so-called Islamic State, according to the city prosecutor.
Former French President Sarkozy: We Did Not Fight Nazis to Force Jews to Run to Israel
Egyptian President Al-Sissi attends Coptic Christmas Mass in Cairo; apologizes for extremists who burned down churches and promises to rebuild them.
US bombs millions in ISIS currency stock
RBS tells investors sell everything
Beijing to end coal usage by 2020 to reduce smog
Western sanctions severely harming Russia: Putin
Russia Is Arming Hezbollah, Say Two of the Groups Field Commanders
Putin Says Sheltering Assad Would Be Easier Than Snowden Asylum
Oil Falls Below $30/Barrel for First Time Since December 2003
Migrant crisis: Coach full of British schoolchildren attacked by Calais refugees
Saudi Arabia arrests human rights activist Samar Badawi who was the first woman to sue her guardian for preventing her from marrying the man of her choice, and also sued the Saudi government for the right to vote in municipal elections
Putin says Russia has no interest in costly, meaningless role as superpower
Calais Jungle: 2,000 refugees given three days to leave as bulldozers move in
Iran frees US sailors
Canadian dollar drops to 69 cents US - Business
ISIS burns its fighters alive for letting Ramadi fall
Seoul media: South Korea has fired warning shots after North Korean drone seen across border
Istanbul Bomber identified, Saudi national, member of ISIL, entered Turkey via Syria
Pakistan army officers involved in attack on Indian Consulate: Afghan police
Archaeologists have uncovered Britains Pompeii after discovering the best-preserved Bronze Age dwellings ever found in the country.
Israel blasts Swedish FM for supporting terrorism, encouraging violence
Gaza Journalist Says He Was Tortured in Hamas Jail
Mexico moves El Chapo randomly from cell to cell to avoid fresh escape.
Putins Alleged Son-In-Law Is Russias Latest Billionaire
A Fallen Russia Oligarch Sends Warning to Rest of Putin Insiders
Private messages at work can be read by employers, says court
North Korea faked missile test footage: U.S. experts
Iranian Official Denies That Nuclear Reactor Was Sealed
Iran seizes 2 US Navy Boats -- will return boat and sailors promptly.
Head of Marseille Jews urges them not to wear kippa after attack
Irish intelligence units monitor 40 suspected Isil supporters - Garda and Army intelligence units are monitoring upwards of 40 individuals who have been identified as either Isil supporters or jihadi fighters, the Irish Independent has learned.
Sierra Leone receive $90 billion in funds from China
Australia rejects US call for more troops to defeat Islamic State
No. of crimes in Japan falls to postwar low in 2015. 933 murder for a 127M population. Teenage crimes numbers lower than 65yo+.
Danish 15yo girl who converted to Islam arrested for possessing explosives, sanctioning terror
Apple may be on the hook for $8 billion in taxes as a result of a European Commission investigation.
New Ebola case emerges in Sierra Leone
Reefer madness debunked as major UK study finds marijuana does not reduce IQ in teens
TPP trade deal will expand Australias economy by less than 1%, World Bank reveals
Hollande: Intolerable that French Jews feel need to hide religion
Colossal star explosion detected
Survey: Most young Muslims in Middle East believe ISIS perverts Islam
Ancient people conquered the Arctic at least 45,000 years ago
Forget $20 - Oil Prices At $8 Per Barrel In Canada
Turkey kills 200 Isis militants in wave of revenge attacks for Istanbul bombing
Israel: 4 charged in lynching of Eritrean migrant mistaken for terrorist
A Japanese lawmaker Thursday said wartime sex slaves forced to work for Japans Imperial Army were professional prostitutes, before he was forced to retract the remarks and issue an apology.
Several in critical condition - one in a coma - after clinical trial of new drug in France, health minister says
Twitter Sued For Enabling Explosive Growth Of ISIS
Germanys highest court rules Facebook friend finder is unlawful
Pentagon: U.S. sailors made navigational error into Iranian waters
Isis has abducted up to 400 Yazidi children and could be using them as suicide bombers
U.S. Health Officials Consider Travel Warning As Zika Virus Spreads: theres no vaccine against Zika, a viral cousin of dengue fever, and no treatment for it.
Calais Jungle clearing: Tensions mount as refugees prepare for clash with police and government bulldozers
Islamic State takes credit for shootings and suicide bombings in Jakarta
French drug trial halted after one person falls into a coma and five others become critically ill
Footage of elephants in Cambodia raises hopes for Asian species in the wild - A camera trap captured pictures of a herd roaming through the remote Cardamom mountains, spelling success for 14-yr conservation effort
Iraqi Kurds, who field one of the most effective ground forces fighting Islamic State militants, are urgently asking the U.S. to help ease their budget crisis made worse by slumping oil prices and 1.8 million people who have fled fighting in Iraq and Syria
ISIS destroys Iraqs oldest Assyrian Christian monastery that stood for over 1,400 years
Oceans running out of fish as undeclared catches add a third to official figures
Chemistry Teacher opens fire on Taliban Militants in valiant effort to protect students
Isis cuts soldiers pay by 50%
Leonardo DiCaprio has launched a ferocious attack on the greed of the worlds energy industry at the World Economic Forum in Davos. DiCaprio used an awards ceremony to demand more action on climate change, decrying those who deny it is a problem.
Terrorist Attack on Bacha Khan University
Muslim man who protected Christians during Kenyan terrorist attack dies in hospital
Jews welcome in Russia, Putin tells Europes Jewish leaders
Inside the worlds saddest zoo: Horror pictures show starving bears and lions abandoned by billionaire oligarch
Swedish Police Instructed to Withhold From Public Suspects Skin Color and Ethnicity to Avoid Being Labeled Racist
Freed Iranians in Prisoner Swap Choose to Stay in United States
Norway to bus the first 60 out of 5,500 migrants from safe countries back to Russia
Indias internet regulator just called Facebooks Free Basics campaign crude and dangerous
OBarry, star of oscar-winning dolphin-killing film Cove, refused entry in Japan, detained at airport
The UK governments official voice encryption protocol, around which it is hoping to build an ecosystem of products, has a massive backdoor that would enable the security services to intercept and listen to all past and present calls, a researcher has discovered.
ISIS confirm Jihadi John was killed in Raqqa air strike
Gauck: Limiting refugee numbers not unethical
Plastic to outweigh fish in oceans by 2050, study warns
Israel Defense Minister: In Syria, if the choice is between Iran and the Islamic State, I choose the Islamic State.
For the next month, Earthlings will be treated to a spectacular sight, with all five planets visible to the naked eye lining up together, stretching from the horizon to the moon. But just dont call it a planetary alignment.
According to Human Rights lawyers, Thai prosecutors love Microsoft as they give them all the information they ask for.
49th Mersenne prime discovered, largest prime to date.
Obama, Erdogan speak by phone, vow cooperation against terrorism: sources
Patriots distribute pork sandwiches during protest against praying Muslims
A simple spelling mistake has led to a 10-year-old Muslim boy being interviewed by British police over suspected links to terrorism. The boy, who lives in Accrington in Lancashire, wrote in his primary school English class that he lived in a terrorist house. He meant to write terraced house.
A Danish city has ordered pork to be mandatory on municipal menus, including for schools and daycare centers, with politicians insisting the move is necessary for preserving the countrys food traditions and is not an attack on Muslim
HIV infections in Russia have reached record levels, with the number of people registered as HIV-positive passing the one million mark.
Migration crisis can destroy Europe, says French Prime Minister Manuel Valls | Europe | News
Independent economists: TPP will kill 450,000 US jobs; 75,000 Japanese jobs, 58,000 Canadian jobs
Top Japanese official in charge of TPP trade deal is accused of graft
Bill Gates has told the the BBC that the United States should set a better example by taking in more refugees. Speaking to the BBC at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Mr Gates said his home country had the capacity to follow the examples of Germany and Sweden, who were to be congratulated.
North Korea arrests US student
Alexander Litvinenko accused Vladimir Putin of being a paedophile four months before he was poisoned
More European nations are barring the door to migrants - A host of European nations are taking new steps to curb migrant arrivals amid rising security concerns.
Chinese president declares support for Palestinian state
Australias largest solar plants are open for business | will generate enough power to serve more than 50,000 homes. The two plants cover more than 375 hectares (927 acres) in total, making them the largest in Australia and potentially the Southern Hemisphere.
The US Will Cede Control of the Internet for the 1st Time - Globalization has made it impossible for the US to maintain its oversight of internet governance organization ICANN.
French police fire tear gas at hundreds of migrants trying to jump onto UK-bound trucks after a night of rioting at The Jungle refugee camp
Pope Francis opens foot-washing rite to women in gesture of inclusion - In a change that quickly set the Catholic world buzzing, Pope Francis allowed priests to wash womens feet &amp; anyone else in the community on Holy Thursday &amp; not just men, as church law previously decreed.
IMF: Refugees Cost Greece 300 Million in 2015
Israel dismantles West Bank terror cell directed by Hezbollah chiefs son
A pregnant woman with her hands and feet bound. A man with an obsidian blade embedded in his skull. Men and women with arrow wounds to the head and neck. Thats the grisly scene archaeologists describe at Nataruk, in modern-day Kenya, where they say theyve uncovered unique evidence of violence
Thirty five restaurants across China have been busted using opium poppies to illegally season dishes, authorities say.
Montenegro WWII concentration camp island to be turned into luxury resort with nightclub
Report reveals clandestine Swiss deal with PLO to avert further terrorist attacks against the country in exchange for diplomatic support
Long Thought To Be Extinct, Bizarre Tree Frog Surfaces In India
U.S. Tightens Visa Rules for Some European Visitors
Israeli Holocaust survivor, 112, likely oldest man in the world
Israeli forces evict settlers a day after they illegally move into Hebron homes
Extremely Likely Germany To Limit Number Of Refugees, Says President Gauck
Pregnant women are being warned not to travel to the Olympics in Brazil after a virus causing thousands of babies to be born with unusually small heads swept through the region.
Toronto man found not guilty in Twitter harassment trial widely viewed as a Canadian first
Japan accepts 27 refugees last year, rejects 99%
5 dead, 2 critically injured in Sask. school shooting, Trudeau says
U.S. to ask China to ban oil exports to North Korea
We will recover our land from the invaders: ISIS issues chilling threat to launch terror attacks in Spain to reimpose Muslim rule after 500 years
No German  no money: Austria to fine refugees for refusal to integrate
Iraqi Kurdistan president: time has come to redraw Middle East boundaries
Mass evacuation alert: Popocatpetl volcano near Mexico City spewing ash
As Zika virus spreads, El Salvador asks women not to get pregnant until 2018
Europe could suspend passport-free travel for two years under emergency measures as leaders warn the migrant crisis could destroy the European Union.
France To Try Seven Jihadists Including Paris Bombers Brother
German police have said they do not have enough resources to carry out interior minister Thomas de Maizires plan to extend border controls as long as the refugee crisis continues.
Migrants torch Calais camp in violent protests after police move in to evict hundreds from slum
Violent crime rises by 27% after killings hit a five-year high in the UK
Islamist gunmen kill 17 in Somalia beach restaurant attack
Footage shows devastation in Yemen as Saudi double tap strike hits rescuers
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos space transportation company, Blue Origin, successfully launched and landed a suborbital rocket for a second time, a key step in its quest to develop reusable boosters, the company says.
Norways largest bank calls for total end to cash
Erdoan says Turkey will not allow Russia to build a base north of Syria
Canada Wants Drones to Bomb Terrorists, Track Pirates, and Spy on Protesters
Russias AIDS Epidemic Reaches Crisis Levels
The Latest: Macedonia shuts border with Greece to refugees
Problem drinkers account for almost 70 per cent of alcohol sales
15 countries in UN lose voting ability due to lapse in UN payment dues.
United Nations panel finds evidence that Saudi-led coalition has conducted widespread air strikes against civilian targets, in violation of international law
Most fleeing to Europe are not refugees, EU official says: Dutch commissioner Frans Timmermans says 60% of arrivals are economic migrants
8 dead, over 610 injured as heavy snowfall continues in Japan
Pope Francis is taking direct aim at the wealthy and powerful of the world, saying in his message for Lent that they are often slaves to sin who, if they ignore the poor, will end up condemning themselves and plunging into the eternal abyss of solitude which is hell.
Giant Turtle Dies, Leaving Only 3 Alive on Earth - The recent death of Cu Rua pushes the Yangtze giant soft-shell turtle to the brink of extinction
Isis fighters virtually impossible to detect as group continues to use fake passports to exploit refugee crisis
Putin denounces Soviet founder Lenin
U.S. pastor freed by Iran says he was tortured in prison, saw Sunni cellmates executed for their faith
Rouhani says Iran didnt request statue cover-up
Greece has seriously neglected obligations to control external borders, European Commission says in draft report
Moscow accuses Germany of hushing up Russian girls rape
Russia Will Not Accept Deported Refugees from Norway
Secretary of State John Kerry warned on Wednesday that if China failed to do more to curb North Koreas enhanced nuclear capacity, Washington would take steps that China has strongly opposed, including deploying defense systems to protect American allies in Asia.
Denmark named least corrupt country; Somalia, North Korea the most: report
Germany warns Moscow not to exploit teen rape case
Russia: Syria peace talks must include Kurds despite Turkish blackmail
Family planning is critical link in eradicating poverty - Reproductive health experts want more access to modern contraceptives to prevent population bulge that would undermine efforts to tackle global poverty.
Russia may ban American corn and soybeans
Two Cases Suggest Zika Virus Could Be Spread Through Sex
World heritage forests burn as global tragedy unfolds in Tasmania | Devastating long-term prognosis for ancient Gondwana ecosystem as bushfires turn trees more than 1,000 years old to tinder
Hundreds Vanishing in Egypt as Crackdown Widens, Activists Say
China warns Soros against declaring war on its currency
Person In Denmark Tests Positive For Zika Virus
Poland sending 46,000 troops to border with Russia as fears grow over Putin expansionism
Israeli PM Netanyahu says UN Chief Ban Ki-moon encourages terror
Young people in England have lowest literacy levels in developed world says OECD
Volunteer who claimed a migrant had dropped dead outside Berlin registration center after waiting outside for days admits he lied in a bid to win sympathy for asylum seekers
Man held with guns at Disneyland Paris
Microsoft co-founders yacht tears up protected coral reef in Cayman Islands. Paul Allens 330ft vessel destroys 80% of reef in protected zone
Forty percent of Germans want Merkel to resign over refugee policy
An EgyptAir mechanic whose cousin joined Islamic State in Syria is suspected of planting a bomb on a Russian passenger plane that was blown out of Egypts skies in late October
BBC News: Migrant crisis: Dutch plan for migrants who land on Greek islands to be immediately ferried back to Turkey.
Japan adopts negative interest rates in surprise move
Zika virus: Activists in Brazil to petition court to allow abortions
The Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is launching an encryption technology to protect whistle blowers.
Finland expects to expel 20,000 failed asylum seekers
Italy Claims Google Dodged $248 Million in Taxes
New docs confirm CIA had rendition flight lurking in Europe to catch Snowden
Irans supreme leader airs Holocaust denial video on international Remembrance Day
One-Third of Ecuadors Rainforests to Be Auctioned Off to Chinese Oil Companies
Deadly attack rocks mosque in Saudi Arabia
Zika virus at pandemic level, National Institutes of Health says
Fungi Survive Mars-Like Conditions Aboard Space Station: Some hardy Earth organisms may be able to survive on Mars, a new study suggests
Spies in the Sky: Israeli Drone Feeds Hacked By British and American Intelligence | Under a classified program code-named Anarchist, the U.K.s GCHQ, working with the NSA, systematically targeted Israeli drones from a mountaintop on Cyprus
Yemeni forces seize three Saudi bases
Saudi Arabia Conducted 119 Airstrikes Against Civilian Targets In Yemen, UN Panel Finds
Egypt disappeared hundreds of activists in advance of Tahrir Square Jan 25 anniversary
Zika virus found in New Zealand
HIV becoming resistant to key drug, study finds
Russian whistleblowers death like Litvinenko murder
A 13-year-old girl from a Russian-speaking community in Berlin was not kidnapped and sexually assaulted by immigrant men as previously reported, but simply spent the night with an acquaintance.
Two jailed for handing out Isis leaflets on Londons Oxford Street
Mobs of hundreds of masked men rampage through Stockholm central station beating up refugee children
Russia Will Not Allow Exclusion of Kurds From Syrian Peace Talks
India, Egypt say no thanks to free Internet from Facebook
Snow falls in Kuwait for first time ever
Mexican cops again at center of mass disappearance
Church of England members back same-sex marriage
France: If new peace initiative fails, well recognize Palestine
Malis elephants, one of just two remaining desert herds in the world, will be gone in three years unless the government does more to protect them, a conservation group said on Thursday.
IED found on Mumbai-bound train, defused
France to build 1000km of road with solar panels
Egypt jails prominent writer for insulting Islam
Proton beam cancer therapy effective with fewer side effects
Number of TPPA protests held around New Zealand, ahead of the official signing next week
Israel rejects French peace bid, saying threat of recognition incentivizes Palestinians not to negotiate
Suicide Attack on Shiite Mosque in Eastern Saudi Arabia Kills 3
7.0 quake strikes Russias far eastern Kamchatka
Spain: Princess Loses Legal Battle to Avoid Tax Fraud Trial - Spains Princess Cristina has lost a legal battle to avoid being tried for tax fraud and is expected to testify next month in a corruption trial also featuring her husband and 16 other defendants, a panel of judges ruled Friday.
Anti-GMO research may be based on manipulated data
Fukushima nuclear crisis far from over, Kan says | The Japan Times
UK mother Tareena Shakil, who took son to Syria, guilty of Islamic State and encouraging terror
Chinese Billionaire Zhang Xin: The Old Model Doesnt Work Anymore
Russian fighter came within 15 feet of U.S. Air Force jet over the Black Sea this week.
Egypt minister of justice calls for killing 400,000 Muslim Brotherhood members and supporters
Nuclear fusion devices 1st test with hydrogen declared a success
UN panel rules in Assanges favour
World is about to eradicate the first human disease since smallpox - the gruesome Guinea worm
Woman assaulted by cop who lost his job found dead in Holloway prison cell
A 10-year-old Afghan boy who was declared a hero after fighting the Taliban has been shot dead by insurgents while on his way to school.
TPP protesters shut down central Auckland as ministers sign controversial deal
Johnson &amp; Johnson, Viacyte testing possible diabetes cure: If it works as well in patients as it has in animals, it would amount to a cure, ending the need for frequent insulin injections and blood sugar testing
Gorbachev: I am ashamed by Putin and Medvedev
Finnish president: Migrants pose challenge to western values
Morocco to switch on 1st phase of worlds largest solar plant - Desert complex will provide electricity for over 1 million people when complete, helping African country to supply most of its energy from renewables by 2030
Support for Merkel at four-and-a-half year low, doubts grow over refugee policy
Missing Cambridge University student Giulio Regeni found dead with signs of torture in Egypt
Hiker Finds 3,500-Yr-Old Egyptian Seal in IsraelCarved in the shape of a beetle, the scarab represents Pharaoh Thutmose III (1481-1425 BC) sitting on his throne. He set up govt in Canaan &amp; waged wars, including battle of Megiddoa victory documented on Karnak Temple walls.
TPP has been signed in Auckland,New Zealand
Julian Assange says he will accept arrest on Friday if UN rules against him
Police arrest IS suspects as Carnival celebrations kick off in Germany - Several men said to be linked to the Islamic State militant group have been arrested at the start of Carnival. Police have increased security in the wake of the Paris attacks and sexual assaults committed in Cologne.
806 people died by falling off trains in 2015 in Mumbai
Israel considers revoking press cards of outlets that give distorted headlines
Archaeologists from the Charles University in Prague have unearthed a 4,500-year-old 59-foot boat at a site in Egypt
Israel: Abu Khdeir killers get life, 21 years
Germany moves to make country less attractive to migrants
Four charged with helping gunman attack Copenhagen synagogue
U.S., 11 nations formally sign largest regional trade deal in history
1st orangutan murder seen as pair team up to kill female - Female orangutans are normally solitary &amp; very rarely engage in fights. Its also unusual for females &amp; males to form coalitions. The area is more crowded because of habitat destruction.
At least 45 killed in blasts near Shiite mosque in Damascus
France has become the first country in the world to ban supermarkets from throwing away or destroying unsold food, forcing them instead to donate it to charities and food banks.
Man Ejected From Somali Plane in Midair Was Suicide Bomber
German spy agency says ISIS sending fighters disguised as refugees
Swiss bank Julius Baer, facing a criminal charge, has agreed to pay $547 million and cooperate for three years with American authorities to shut down accounts that enabled wealthy Americans to evade taxes
Cologne Carnival: Police record 22 sexual assaults
Russia: There are a growing number of signs that Turkey is preparing a military incursion into Syria
DNA discovery unearths unknown chapter in human history in Europe 15,000 yrs ago - Scientists studying the DNA of ancient Europeans found evidence of a major population upheaval at the end of the last Ice Age
European Parliament Unanimously Recognizes Islamic State Attacks on Yazidis and Assyrians (Christians) as Genocide
FGM (female genital mutilation): number of victims found to be 70 million higher than thought - Half of girls and women cut live in just three countries as Unicef statistics reveal shocking global scale of barbaric ritual
Morocco to switch on first phase of worlds largest solar plant | Desert complex will provide electricity for more than 1 million people when complete, helping African country to supply most of its energy from renewables by 2030
At least 87 people trapped in South African gold mine after building collapse
TPPA Protester throws and hits MP with sex toy in New Zealand
Spain confirms case of Zika virus in a pregnant woman - the first in Europe
U.N. panel rebukes Iran for allowing sex, execution at nine years old
Berlin has signed a deal that will lead to further integration of German naval forces with the Dutch military. The move is being hailed as an important step in the creation of united European armed forces.
Australia considers strict screening of Muslim refugees
President Abbas party: Palestinians who killed Israeli policewoman became role models
Protests Erupt as Trade Ministers Sign Toxic TPP Agreement
Woman who turned in Paris attack ringleader also said he had travelled to Europe with 90 others, including Syrians, Iraqis, French, German and British citizens.
Sakurajima volcano erupting this evening (near Kagoshima, Japan)
Ecuador says it should be compensated for housing Julian Assange in embassy
Chinese police have confirmed for the first time that three of five Hong Kong booksellers who went missing were being investigated for illegal activities in China, according to a letter sent to Hong Kongs police on Thursday.
North Korea drops propaganda leaflets, trash, cigarette butts on South Korea
China saw a 60 percent annual increase in its new wind generating capacity in 2015 as the country seeks to expand the use of clean energy to reduce air pollution and lower carbon emissions
Italian Police Seize 85,000 Tons of Olives Covered in Copper Sulfate To Make Them Greener
150,000 penguins killed after giant iceberg renders colony landlocked
U.S. to restore commercial air travel to Cuba
India disappointed as US decides to sell eight F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan-I News - IBNLive Mobile
Medieval trading ship raised to surface almost intact after 500 yrs on riverbed in Netherlands - The ship even has an oven and glazed tiles still preserved onboard
Four billion people face severe water scarcity, new research finds. Water shortages affecting two-thirds of worlds population for a month every year and the crisis is far worse than previously thought.
Pope meets Russian Orthodox head after 962-year split: Church reconciliation and the welfare of Christians in Middle East and Africa in the agenda of historic talks held in Cuba.
More than 5,000 pregnant women in Colombia have Zika virus, 31,555 total infections, countrys national health institute says
Turkey spent 20 times more than international aid agencies on refugees
Saudi Arabia moves troops to Turkey as base for Syria invasion
GCHQ hacking phones and computers is legal, including remotely activating microphones and cameras.
France says Facebook must face French law in nudity censorship case
British teen Allegedly Behind CIA, FBI Breaches
Exclusive: U.S. Allies Now Fighting CIA-Backed Rebels
Short story collection smuggled out of North Korea sparks global interest
Mysterious armed groups are on the prowl, targeting migrants in night attacks in Calais and elsewhere in northern France, sowing fear among the displaced travelers living in squalid slums and deepening concerns the city is becoming a tinderbox of anti-migrant, anti-Muslim rage
U.S., UK likely to charge multiple banks in Libor rigging: WSJ
Turkey says ready to join ground operation with Saudi Arabia against ISIL in Syria
Syrias President Assad vows to retake the whole country
Computer and smartphone hacking by spying agency GCHQ is legal, the UKs Investigatory Powers Tribunal has said.Equipment allowed to be hacked includes -- but is not limited too -- computers, servers, routers, laptops, mobile phones and more.
US military deploys more Patriot missiles in South Korea
India just ruled that its ok to cut internet access when necessary
Israel, India to sign weapons deal
Syrias Assad: Europe Must Help Refugees Return.Syrias president says the West is responsible for the massive movement of refugees.
Newly invented Aldehyde-Stabilized Cryopreservation procedure wins Brain Preservation Prize: Using a combination of ultrafast chemical fixation and cryogenic storage, it is the first demonstration that near-perfect, long-term structural preservation of an intact mammalian brain is achievable.
Saudi Foreign Minister says removal of Assad is crucial to defeat ISIS.
Faced with a cash shortage in its so-called caliphate, the Islamic State group has slashed salaries across the region, asked Raqqa residents to pay utility bills in black market American dollars, and is now releasing detainees for a price of $500 a person.
According to NASA data this January was the warmest January on record by a large margin while also claiming the title of most anomalously warm month in 135 years of record keeping
US stealth jets flying over S. Korea amid N. Korea standoff
A piece of Mozart music considered lost for more than 200 years has been performed for the first time since being rediscovered. It was co-written by him and Antonio Salieri, usually considered a rival, as well as an unknown composer, Cornetti.
Iranian Heavy Metal Band Confess Reportedly Arrested for Blasphemy, Could Face Execution
Paedophile who led child sex grooming ring using human rights laws to try to block deportation
800 Bataclan survivors get to finish the concert last night in Paris with Eagles of Death Metal
Eagles of Death Metal perform again in Paris to honour victims - starts concert by performing Paris sveille
In a first, new Egyptian schoolbook teaches peace deal with Israel
Nine out of 10 Britons on modest incomes under the age of 35 will be frozen out of home ownership within a decade, according to a study from a leading thinktank that lays bare the impact of surging property prices on the young.
UK government to force all online porn users to identify themselves
Child abuse survivors raise $90,000 to see Australias most senior Catholic official, George Pell, give evidence in Rome after he avoids flying to Australia and testifying in person to a child sexual abuse Royal Commission.
Young Saudis See Cushy Jobs Vanish Along With Nations Oil Wealth: For younger Saudis  70 percent of them are under age 30  the oil shock has meant a lowering of expectations as they face the likelihood that they will have to work harder than their parents, enjoy less job security
As India prepares to import corn for the first time in 16 years, it plans to import only GMO-free corn
TTIP could block Governments from cracking down on tax avoidance, study warns. Similar trade agreements have been used to facilitate apparent tax avoidance in the past
Germany will normalize ties with Iran after it recognizes Israel  Merkel
China sends missiles to contested South China Sea island
Turkeys Erdogan: no intent to stop retaliatory shelling of Syrian Kurdish YPG
French ex-President Nicolas Sarkozy has been placed under formal investigation in a probe into his campaign funding, prosecutors say.
Iran invites Indian investment in projects worth $8 billion, offers stake in Imam Khomeini airport
Iranian banks reconnected to global payments network
Saudi Arabia Launches unprecedented Military Exercise Thunder of the North. Tensions rise in the area.
Hong Kongs popular, lucrative horror movie about Beijing has disappeared from theaters
Russian vodka exports slump 40% because of sanctions
The overconsumption of meat will inevitably push global temperatures to dangerous levels, a recent study has warned.Global consumption of meat is forecast to increase 76% on recent levels by mid-century. A protein transition is playing out across the developing world
Colombian prison drain pipes yield over 100 dismembered corpses
Scientists warn of coming global disaster because of water inequality.We are revealing a global disaster in the making, yet we are seeing very little coordinated response.
Blast hits Ankara military building
ISIS beheads 15-year-old Iraqi boy for listening to pop music
N. Korea prepares for terror attacks on S. Korea: intelligence unit
Huge explosion hits Turkish Centre, Stockholm, Sweden
Fast-growing tumbleweed called hairy panic blows into Australian city - Dry grass piles up around homes in Wangaratta, north-east Victoria  at times reportedly reaching roof height
New LSE report recommends War on Drugs is replaced by the Sustainable Development Goals.The question now is not, whether to end the war on drugs, but what to replace its failed policies with,
Obama to travel to Cuba President Barack Obama is planning to travel to Cuba within the next month, becoming the first U.S. president to do so since Calvin Coolidge.
Vatican says abortion is illegitimate response to Zika virus
Italy names Turkish presidents son in money laundering investigation allegedly connected to political corruption | Europe | News
Syrian rebels say reinforcements get free passage via Turkey
Panasonic to recognize same-sex partnerships in rare step for conservative Japan
Former Dutch PM Balkenende smuggled beer into Arab palace
Our 1st sex with Neanderthals happened 100,000 yrs ago - It was a 2-way street. Many carry Neanderthal DNA due to cross-species liaisons. Now it seems some Neanderthals carried our DNA too. 1 chunk of modern DNA found in Neanderthals was inside a gene linked to language development.
Six soldiers killed in southeast Turkey bomb attack
Swine flu: Three hospital wards closed in Leicester, UK after 14 cancer patients diagnosed with virus
Pentagon: North Korean special forces highly trained, well-equipped
Lockheed Martin ready to manufacture F-16 jets in India, Lockheed supplied six C130J Super Hercules planes to India in 2011 and will be delivering another six helicopters in 2017
Ankara blast: Turkey PM says Syria Kurds to blame
Venezuela president raises fuel price by 6,000% and devalues bolivar to tackle crisis
El Nio has passed peak strength but impacts will continue, UN warns
Explosion hits another Turkish military convoy one day after Ankara attack
Pakistans parliament becomes first in world to run entirely on solar power | The seat of the government in the countrys capital, Islamabad, is now wholly powered by the sun
Cash for Life: Guaranteed Annual Income Gaining Steam in Canada
WikiLeaks publishes docs showing that the NSA bugged meetings between Ban Ki-Moon and Merkel, Netanyahu, Berlusconi, between key EU and Japanese ministers discussing their secret trade red-lines at WTO negotiations, as well as details of a private meeting between Sarkozy, Merkel and Berlusconi
Montreal to ban plastic bags as of 2018
Zimbabwe park warns it may shoot 200 surplus lions now that big game hunters are staying home
Anti-vaccination campaigners blamed for measles outbreak in Melbourne suburb of Brunswick in Australia
Peacocks in China zoo die from shock after tourists pluck out their feathers
We can say with 95 percent probability that the rate of global sea level rise in the 20th-century was faster than any of the previous 27 centuries, and its continuing to accelerate.
Israeli who burned Palestinian teenager alive ruled sane by psychiatrist
Egyptian four-year-olds life sentence a mistake, military says: Spokesman Col Mohammed Samir said the court should have sentenced a 16-year-old with a similar name instead.
Brazil to fight Zika by sterilizing mosquitoes with gamma rays
On February 6th Nasa reported a huge explosion of seven meter space rock over the Atlantic ocean. It released energy equivalent to 13,000 tons of TNT, which is the same as the energy used in the first atomic weapon that leveled Hiroshima in 1945.
Russia requesting to fly reconnaissance aircraft over the US using Open Skies Treaty
Colombias Search for the Disappeared Unearths 28,000 Bodies.The search is part of a government initiative to locate disappeared persons after tens of thousands have gone missing, or been forcibly disappeared, in the over 50-year internal conflict in the country
DOD Opens Afghan Child Sex Abuse Probe
More than 800 Islamists leave Germany to join IS in Syria and Iraq
Syria ceasefire to start 27 February
Kurdish special forces rescue teenage Swedish girl from Islamic State
People-smuggling gangs netted up to 6 billion euros ($6.6 billion) last year, most of it from the traffic of migrants into Europe.
The DOD Has Finally Launched an Investigation of Pedophilia by Afghan Soldiers -The Department of Defense inspector generals office is launching an investigation into the way that US military officials handled repeated allegations that Afghan security forces and police were sexually abusing boys.
Denmark opens first food waste supermarket selling surplus produce
Peru pipeline leaks in Amazon; Two rivers polluted, agency says
Muslim militants attack Filipino troops, more than 20 dead
Mexicos missing students: international investigators say they are being obstructed. Experts claim the government is limiting their access to new information, including videos, about the 43 teaching students who disappeared in 2014
India has overtaken Chinas air pollution levels in 2015 : Greenpeace
ISIS release the last 40 hostages of 230 Assyrian Christians kidnapped in Syria
Portugal wants more refugees to help revive dwindling population
Beijing now has more billionaires than New York
Brazil is building $250m-worth undersea cable linking directly Europe to avoid US espionage  Tech giants like Google, Facebook likely to support
MH17 report identifies Russian soldiers suspected of downing plane in Ukraine
Pope suggests contraceptives could be used to slow spread of Zika
PSA Peugeot-Citroen, ninth largest car manufacturer in the world made a net profit of $989 million in 2015. It gave its employees a 2,000.00 pays bonus but no dividends to its shareholders.
A gay Iranian poet is seeking asylum in Israel. Homosexuality is illegal in the Islamic Republic and those found guilty of the crime face tough punishments, including death.
Canadian Federal Court allows medical marijuana users to grow their own cannabis
BBC TV host Jimmy Savile sexually abused 72 victims  many under 16 years old  at hospitals, stations premises for decades
China Stocks Plunge 6.4%. Down 47% last 8 months.
Polish scientists protest over plan to log in the ancient Biaowiea Forest - Researchers suspect motives for a planned increase in felling are commercial, but forest administration cites pest control. Govt claims theres no commercial benefit to leveling it.
Jihadis selling U.S. weapons intended for Syrian rebels on Facebook
Indian armed forces to open all combat roles to women
Italy asks US to explain NSA spying report
Hungarys Orban slams Germany for rude tone over refugees: The quotas will change the profile of Europe from an ethnic, cultural and religious point of view, he said, warning that an uncontrolled migrant influx brought the risk of terrorism, criminality, anti-Semitism and homophobia.
Indian Police Silence Survivors Of Mass Rape - Women were dragged out of their vehicles and allegedly raped in fields near National Highway
Serious failings at the BBC allowed Jimmy Savile and Stuart Hall to sexually abuse nearly 100 people without detection for decades, according to two damning reports published on Thursday, which insisted that the corporation still had lessons to learn from the affair.
Russia, With Turkey In Mind, Announces Deal To Provide Armenia with $200 Million Credit to Buy Equipment: Multiple-Launch Rocket Systems, Anti-Tank Missiles, Handheld Antiaircraft Missiles and Tank Upgrades.
ISIS Is Losing Its Capital
France seeks 1.6 billion euros in back taxes from Google
US Passes Bill Banning Goods Produced by Child Slave Labor in Southeast Asia and Central Africa.
Russia seeks joint manned flight to Mars with India
China Warns U.S. After Trump Wins Nevada Caucus
Greece wont be Lebanon of Europe, says migration minister
Reports of hostage taking in London restaurant
Germany deports Afghan refugees in effort to deter new arrivals
770,000 names deleted from voter register in change to registration rules as critics claim Tories are rigging the system
Ontario makes college tuition free for low income families making 50k or less a year. Increases grants for those making 83k or less a year.
Arctic warming: Rapidly increasing temperatures are possibly catastrophic for planet, climate scientist warns | Dr Peter Gleick said there is a growing body of pretty scary evidence that higher temperatures are driving the creation of dangerous storms in parts of the northern hemisphere
ISIS suddenly trapped as Syrian Army pushes to recapture Aleppo supply route
An 11,000-year-old pendant has been found, the earliest known piece of Mesolithic art in Britain, and it may have been worn by a shaman
Greenland: Ice sheet is now losing about 8,000 tons every second, year-round, day in and day out
Coptic Christian teenagers sentenced to 5 years in egyptian prison for video mocking muslim prayer
UBS charged with tax fraud and money laundering in Belgium
The US Said Indias Solar Power Plan Discriminates Against American Companies  And the WTO Agrees
North Koreas state media has called for an attack on South Korea and the United States, as the allies gear up for their biggest ever joint military drills.
Report: thousands of refugees disappear after registering in Germany
Islamists match Odins soldiers with Soldiers of Allah
Australias biggest banks pump billions into fossil fuels despite climate pledges
Europes free travel will end unless Turkey halts migrant flow, officials say
Obama Bans Imports of Slave-Produced Goods
David Cameron boasts of brilliant UK arms exports to Saudi Arabia on the day the European parliament voted for an arms embargo
Jimmy Savile dressed as a Womble to rape 10-year-old boy
Saudi Arabia is reeling from falling oil prices. And it could get much worse.
Hundreds of thousands of Shiite Muslims, supporters of the influential cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, have taken to the streets of Baghdad to protest corruption in the government of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi.
Social media helps fuel Chinas illegal craze for thumb monkeys - Year of the monkey has sparked a trend for pygmy marmosets, the worlds smallest monkey, as pets. But conservationists warn the animals rarely survive in captivity.
Royal Malaysian Air Force plane crash-lands in shallow waters, only fatality was a fisherman who drowned while trying to help
Hitlers Mein Kampf is now a best-seller in Germany
The French governments plan to clear part of the Calais migrant camp known as the Jungle has been approved by a court in Lille.
A teenage recruit ordered to have sex with fellow soldier the night before she was discovered shot dead in Britains controversial Deepcut barracks
A Belgian judge charged Swiss bank UBS on Friday with money laundering and serious and organized tax evasion, saying it directly sought clients in the country to help them skip taxes
A young British woman has become one of the first cancer patients to be injected with a new vaccine designed to stimulate the immune system so that it destroys tumours wherever they have spread in the body.
Magnitude 8.2 Quake Measured 763 Miles Southwest of Malaysian Capital
Mormon leader: There are no homosexual members of the church.
Pentagon to sell $683 million in weaponry to Turkey in deal signed today
Russian Faces Up to Year in Prison for Denying Existence of God
Nato commander: Isis spreading like cancer among refugees
Mosul dam engineers warn it could fail at any time, killing 1m people
Study: British need to retire at 81 to get parents standard. The report says without significantly higher levels of engagement in pensions, we may be witnessing the death of retirement.
ISIS now deploying women in combat roles
South Korean opposition lawmakers have ended a parliamentary filibuster that lasted 192 hours, which is believed to have set a new world record. They were trying to block an anti-terrorism bill which they said threatened personal freedoms.
Hamas Commander, accused of theft and gay sex, is killed by his own
Anti-immigrant Soldiers of Odin expand from Finland to Nordics, Baltics
Turkey: 1,845 cases opened for insulting Erdogan
Hamburg Is the 1st City to Ban Single-Use Coffee Pods - You wont find them in its govt buildings
China takes Philippine atoll: The Chinese have taken over another traditional Filipino fishing ground near Palawan where they have stationed up to five ships to keep local fishermen at bay, sources said.
UK spying laws: Government introduces law requiring WhatsApp and iMessage to be broken
Modern slavery widespread among East Asia migrant domestic workers - researchers
Gay Iranian poet seeking Israel asylum gets visa extension
Osama bin Ladens hand-written will reveals he left $40 million fortune to jihad instead of family
ISIS Burned Alive Their Own Fighters Who Didnt Fight To The Death After Lossing Ramadi Battle
19-mile razor wire fence built on Macedonias border to stop a human tide of migrants as Greece is told it faces being sacrificed to save the EU
Russian prosecutors say that a nanny accused of killing and then decapitating a 4-year old girl in Moscow was not acting on her own. Prosecutors told the court that they believe that individuals who incited her to carry out the slaying are still at large.
Rotherham child abusers son guilty of witness intimidation
Russia and Syria are weaponising migration as an aggressive strategy towards Europe, the senior Nato commander in Europe has said
February Shatters Global Temperature Records
North Korea launches short-range missiles into Sea of Japan hours after UN Sanctions
A powerful Pakistani religious body that advises the government on the compatibility of laws with Islam on Thursday declared a new law that criminalizes violence against women to be un-Islamic.
Two of the worlds biggest coffee companies, Nestl and Jacobs Douwe Egberts, admit that beans from Brazilian plantations using slave labour may have ended up in their coffee
Argentine Nobel Prize winner to Obama: Dont visit March 24, because its the 40th anniversary of a coup that installed a military government that had U.S. backing
NASA: Drought in Middle East is the worst in 900 years
A TV ad aired by the Church of Scientology in the UK has been banned for misleading viewers with a claim the church gives aid to tens of millions of people.
Blackout hits Syria, leaving entire country without electricity
In Sydney, Australia, the penalties for cyclists who dont wear helmets or run red lights have gone up by 600%.
African elephants killed faster than they are being born: The new data, released on UN world wildlife day on Thursday, shows about 60% of elephant deaths are at the hands of poachers, meaning the overall population is most likely to be falling.
A senior Pakistani official has admitted publicly for the first time that the Afghan Talibans leadership is living in Pakistan.
Internet trolls could face criminal charges for creating fake profiles, according to guidance being considered for prosecutors in England and Wales.
Berta Cceres, Honduran indigenous leader and Goldman Prize winner, assassinated in her home
Russia and Syria weaponising refugee crisis to destabilise Europe, Nato commander claims
Problematic fossil turns out to be oldest known example of life on land - This 440 million-yr-old fungus helped life take root outside the oceans.
China set to surpass its climate targets as renewables soar
Digging into Dieselgate: EU parliament looks into emissions cheating -- Its not just Volkswagen: its all car manufacturers that are cheating on emissions, if activists are to be believed. European parliamentarians now want to get to the bottom of whats been coined Dieselgate
Islamic State (ISIS) is exploiting national banking operations in Iraq and could be making up to $25 million a month in Middle Eastern money markets
US Delivers 8 Black Hawks to Jordan for Its Anti-IS Battle
Egypt parliament expels MP for dining with Israeli ambassador
Nanny Who Says Beheaded Russian Child to Avenge Syria Strikes Mentally Unsound
Adblocking is a modern-day protection racket, says culture secretary
Gang burns seven people to death over witchcraft claims in Malawi
Brazil reports 5,909 Microcephaly cases since October 2015 Zika virus outbreak
Only Russia wants Britain to leave the EU, says Philip Hammond
Debris in Mozambique Is Thought to Come From Malaysia Airlines Plane
Kim Jong-un orders nuclear weapons to be made ready for use
Mexican Officials Pass Proposal To Ban Donald Trump From Their Country
Tens of thousands of Nigerian fishermen and farmers were given the green light to sue energy giant Shell in a British court on Wednesday for a series of destructive oil spills in the Niger delta over the past decade.
BP chief receives 20% pay package hike despite record loss and 7,000 axed jobs. At time of crisis for oil company Bob Dudley earned 14m last year, an amount the High Pay Centre describes as out of contact with reality.
UK, Facebook forced to pay millions more in tax after widespread controversy of only paying 4,327 in taxes last year.
Refugee crisis puts truckers lives at risk, says road transport lobby
World food prices fall 14.5%, even as Canadian food prices climb - Business
Monsanto has threatened to pull out of India if the government imposed a big cut in royalties that local firms pay for its genetically modified cotton seeds
Average temperatures across the Northern Hemisphere have breached the 2 degrees Celsius above normal mark for the first time in recorded history
Scientists find cancers Achilles heel
Pakistani police rescued a nine-year-old girl from being married off to a 14-year-old boy to settle a family dispute on Friday and arrested four village elders who had ordered the compensation wedding.
French bill carries 5-year jail sentence for company refusals to decrypt data for police
The U.S. just sent a carrier strike group to confront China
Spain seizes 20,000 ISIS military uniforms
Russias military intelligence chief killed in secret operation in Lebanon
Japanese women are being exploited and abused in Japans multi-billion dollar pornographic film industry, rights advocates said on Thursday, calling on authorities to strengthen laws to protect them
Brazil Petrobras scandal: Police raid former president Lulas home
NASAs Scott Kelly grew 2 inches while in space.
Labour Leader, Jeremy Corbyn, in favour of decriminalising the sex industry.
Honduran Indian leader Berta Caceres, who won the 2015 Goldman Environmental Prize for her role in fighting a dam project, was murdered Thursday. Caceres, a Lenca Indian activist, had previously complained of receiving death threats from police, soldiers and local landowners because of her work
Spain Seizes 20,000 Military Uniforms Bound for ISIS
Gulf nations declare Hezbollah a terrorist group
Huge drop in civilian deaths after Syria truce: monitor
Kremlin: Russia concerned by North Koreas readiness to use nuclear arms
Singapore Owner Recounts How Singapore Classified a Tesla as a Gas-Guzzler Equivalent and taxes him accordingly.
China bans depictions of gay people, adultery, one night stands, cleavage and reincarnation on television
Peanut allergy risk reduced by up to 80% by consuming peanuts as an infant, research suggests
Philippines seizes North Korean ship
Refugee children at Calais Jungle camp are being raped, aid workers claim
Italian City Bans New Ethnic Restaurants - Verona, home of Romeo &amp; Juliet, stopping new eateries from opening that mainly serve kebabs, gyros &amp; fried food. Mayor has tried to justify ban by saying its the best way to preserve the citys culture &amp; traditions.
South Koreans kick off efforts to clone extinct Siberian cave lions
El Chapo entered US twice while a fugitive: report
Gunmen Kill Honduran Indigenous Environmentalist Leader Berta Cceres
Pakistan Admits Taliban Leaders Are Living There
Europes harsh new message for migrants: Do not come
Dairy Farm Accused of Beating Cows Finally Faces Charges After Two Years
Report: North Korean diplomats smuggling luxury goods through Mongolia
Gunmen Kill 14 at Nursing Home in Yemen Started by Mother Teresa
Crows and parrots have sophisticated thinking skills on a par with those of apes such as chimpanzees, researchers claim.
Malawi police chief issues shoot-to-kill order against albino killers - Criminal gangs, nicknamed albino hunters, have embarked on a reign of terror across Malawi, often killing albinos in broad daylight without mercy or remorse
A Turkish court has put Zaman newspaper - a vocal critic of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan - under state control
Tibet boy who set himself on fire to protest Chinas occupation dies
UK to spend $900 milllion more on nuclear sub program
Reports: Fessenheim nuclear accident played down by French authorities - Reactor had to be shut down by adding boron to the pressure vessel, an unprecedented procedure in Western Europe
Terrorist Anders Breivik inhumane treatment claim rejected by Norway
Loonie above 75 cents US for first time since November
The four largest Chinese banks have stopped yuan and dollar cash transfers to North Korea: The reported measure is part of rising international pressure on Pyongyang following its latest nuclear test and rocket launch earlier this year
Syrian Army defeats ISIS at the Deir Ezzor Military Airport
SpaceX rocket successfully delivers a commercial satellite into orbit, but couldnt quite manage to stick the landing during an audacious attempt to touch down on a drone ship at sea
Attack on Indian Consulate in Afghanistan; originated from Pakistan: Former President Karzai
An indigenous community in the Peruvian Amazon took at least eight public officials hostage to demand help from the central government after an oil spill polluted its lands, authorities said Monday.
Cannabis legalisation in the UK would raise 1bn a year in taxes - Study calls for UK to follow lead of some US states &amp; allow the sale of cannabis to over-18s in licensed retail stores
Netanyahu declines offer to meet with Obama: White House
More than 150 killed in Deadly US drone strike in Somalia
International Womens Day: Russia topped ranking of countries with the highest percentage of women in senior business roles
Turkish authorities have seized control of another opposition news agency
Hong Kong Home Sales Tumble 70% as Slowdown Intensifies
Venezuela: 28 miners apparently kidnapped, murdered and disappeared by government-related forces
One of Chinas most respected current affairs magazines has lashed out at Communist party censorship of its work, just weeks after the president, Xi Jinping, demanded absolute loyalty from his countrys media.
The United States wants to regularly rotate long-range heavy bombers through Australia, as concerns grow over Chinas military expansion in the Asia-Pacific region.
Thousands of refugees see border effectively closed: EU leaders said Monday said they had reached the outlines of a possible deal with Ankara to return thousands of migrants to Turkey, and also said that irregular flows of migrants along the Western Balkans route have now come to an end.
U.S. builds two air bases in Kurdish-controlled north Syria: Kurdish report
Exceptional womans 2,500-year-old seal unearthed in Jerusalem
China exports plunge 25% from a year ago
While the rest of the worlds glaciers are shrinking, Pakistans glaciers are growing. A phenomenon called  The Karakoram Anomaly 
China hints at global military bases
The Egyptian government has barred journalists from reporting on events in the troubled Sinai peninsula.
Iraqi migrants return after Europe disappoints
Almost 16 million people face hunger in Southern Africa because of a drought exacerbated by an El Nino weather pattern and that number could climb to almost 50 million
China Feb exports slump 25.4 pct, worse fall since May 2009
White House surprised Netanyahu spurning offer to meet Obama
Actors and a production company are under investigation after creating Its just a prank videos where actors pretended to be suicide bombers.
Tunisia bloodied: 53 dead in clashes near Libyan border
Malaysian deputy PM says Daesh attempted to kidnap prime minister
One in three Arab women fears violence within family
Apple: FBI could force us to turn on iPhone cameras and microphones
America has captured ISIS scientist in charge of chemical weapons
Googles DeepMind beats Lee Se-dol again to go 2-0 up in historic Go series
Isis files leak will throw group into crisis mode as thousands of fighters names and personal details revealed | Middle East | News
Chinas solar and wind energy capacity increased by 74% and 34%, respectively, in 2015, while coal consumption dropped by 3.7%
Irish economy grows at fastest pace since 2000 at 7.8%
A deadly algal bloom has hit the worlds second biggest salmon exporter, Chile, where nearly 23 million fish have already died and the economic impact from lost production is seen soaring to $800 million.
One of ISISs top commanders that the US likely just killed was a star pupil of US-special forces training
Australian Prepaid mobile plans are increasingly expiring after 28 days, not 30 days, meaning customers pay for a 13th month in a year.
$81M stolen from Bangladesh central bank in online heist (additional $870M transfer blocked)
China signals interest in denuclearization talks without North Korea
Former paid agent of Swedish Security Police dictated Amnesty Swedens stance against Assange - celebrated Swedish activist turns out to be government spy
Migrant crisis: Macedonia shuts border
The Saskatchewan government bought one-way bus tickets to Vancouver B.C. for homeless men denied funding to stay at a homeless shelter
Nearly 500000 migrants reached Greece in quarter four - EU border agency
Iran Told to Pay $10.5 Billion to Sept. 11 Kin, Insurers
Paris withdraws threat to recognize Palestine if peace confab fails
US to employ bank fraud law in VW emissions probe: The US Justice Department has reportedly issued embattled German carmaker Volkswagen a subpoena under a financial fraud law, which observers regarded as an escalation in the VW emissions cheating probe
Climate change contributes to worst drought in Middle East in over 900 years
Record number of African rhinos killed in 2015
Finnish physicists tap into the dark state, produce qutrits for a promising alternative approach to quantum computing
Coca-Cola has spent $1.7 million funding Australian health groups over five years
N. Korea fires two short-range missile into East Sea
Biden criticizes PA for not condemning terrorism
Peru Indigenous Group Releases Officials Over Oil Spill Demands.The Peruvian government recently declared a state-of-emergency after 16 Amazon rainforest communities were adversely affected by extreme environmental damage following a series of major oil spills
U.S. says North Korean submarine missing
AlphaGo beats Lee Se-dol again to take Google DeepMind Challenge series
Turkeys President Tayyip Erdogan said on Friday a constitutional court ruling that led to the release of two detained newspaper editors was a step against the country and warned the court that repeating such actions could bring its very existence into question.
Irans Supreme Leader: We Must Have Relations With Whole World, Except America and Zionist Regime
Before her murder, Honduran activist Berta Cceres singled out the former U.S. Secretary of State for criticism of her support for the Honduran military coup government.
US zoos secretly fly 18 elephants out of Swaziland ahead of court challenge
Youve completely failed angry Macedonia tells Berlin
Russia minister: Rio Olympics ban would be no tragedy
Distracted David Cameron helped turn Libya into a mess, Barack Obama says
More than 8m UK adults have problem debt.8.2 million adults, or 16.1% of the population, live with problem debt  with younger adults, larger families, single parents and renters particularly at risk.
Former Latin American leaders urge world to end war on drugs disaster - Former presidents of Brazil, Colombia and Mexico write op-ed on outdated drug policies and denounce UN for secrecy ahead of special assembly on drugs.
Paris attackers named in IS files
Ten Years  the Hong Kong movie, that Beijing wants obscured, disappears from cinemas
Zimbabwes Mugabe Goes Missing After Cancelled India Trip
Ethics watchdog for Norways $830 bln wealth fund sees increase in bans on firms.Most of the corruption cases come from the industry studies within defence, telecoms and energy. Those three (sectors) seem to keep us very busy,
Arab League officially designates Hezbollah terrorist organization
UK supermarket giant Tesco to give all its leftover food to charity by 2017
EasyJet flight aborted after passenger spots spanner wedged into wing
China Will Build an Extensive Port City in Sri Lankas Capital
Canadas unemployment rate creeps up to 7.3% in February
Food labelling and product safety laws in jeopardy under TPP says Choice
Irish call for reunification poll should British leave EU
ISIS declares war on UAE, reports
Report: Turkish Airstrikes in Iraq Kill 67 PKK Militants
Turkey provides Kurdistan Region with $200 million emergency fund
Italy changes law to make all supermarkets give unsold food to needy
Putin orders most troops out of Syria
Googles AlphaGo AI beats Lee Se-dol again to win Go series 4-1
Israeli hiker finds 2,000-year-old gold coin  the second of its kind to ever be found: The coin, from the year A.D. 107, bears the image of Augustus, the first emperor of the Roman Empire. It was minted as part of a series of coins honoring Roman rulers.
Shoot-out during Brussels raid - following anti-terror raid
Mother Teresa to be made a saint, Pope Francis announces
Two Canadian Soldiers Stabbed in Toronto, Possible Terrorist Act
China will release water from a dam in its southwestern province of Yunnan to help alleviate a drought in parts of Southeast Asia, including Vietnam.
Turkeys Erdogan wants to broaden definition of terrorists to include supporters
Citing the murder of Indian journalist Karun Misra, UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said every time a journalist is killed anywhere in the world and the press is silenced, the rule of law and democracy get weaker.
Irans legal vetting body has approved a bill that will see female victims of road traffic accidents paid the same compensation as men, in a small step toward gender equality in the conservative Islamic country.
Drug Cartels Are Taking Over the Tortilla Business in Mexico
Prison Officer in Belfast bomb attack dies. Attack claimed by the New IRA
Military invisibility cloaks could breach Geneva conventions
Royal Brunei Airlines first all-female pilot crew lands plane in Saudi Arabia - where women are not allowed to drive
Macedonia sends back refugees who pushed their way in
Shipwreck Discovered from Explorer Vasco da Gamas Fleet: A 16thcentury shipwreck found off an island in Oman is the earliest-known example from Europes Golden Age of Exploration
Damning report reveals Church of Englands failure to act on abuse
Whistleblower lawsuit says there is evidence Volkswagen deleted documents for three days after initial EPA allegations
[India] From 1050 Tonnes Of Plastic Garbage A Day To Zero: Bangalore To Introduce Plastic Ban
Extreme temperatures in Brazil are causing desertification and drought in certain parts of the country, threatening the lives of over 35 million people. Since 2012, more than 1,000 municipalities have asked the federal government for help to deal with the extreme drought.
New dinosaur species in tyrannosaur family discovered
February breaks global temperature records by shocking amount
Antarcticas ice is being carved up from below - The warm ocean water thats undermining West Antarctica from below may also be weakening its ice shelves. It appears to be slowly carving deep channels into their bases, cavities ranging from 50 to 250 meters in vertical extent.
Iran says US court order on 9/11 compensation ridiculous
FIFA admits to World Cup hosting bribes, asks U.S. for return of money
President Erdogan wants to change definition of terrorist to include journalists and politicians
North Korea Sentences US Tourist to 15 Years in Prison
The worlds first solar airport no longer pays for electricity; 45 acres of panels supply approximately 50,000 kilowatt hours
Argentina sinks Chinese vessel, cites illegal fishing
Puppy frozen in time for 12,400 years is thawed by scientists in remarkable footage
Germany bans neo-Nazi group, carries out sweeping raids
Denmark worlds happiest country, Burundi least: new report shows
Israel seizes 234 hectares of West Bank land
Netherlands votes to ban weapons exports to Saudi Arabia
NSW, Australia: Anti-coal seam gas protesters could be jailed for seven years under laws described as a crackdown on democratic rights
More than 40 civilians killed in Yemen market by Saudi-led coalition air strike, health officials say
Chinese website publishes, then pulls, explosive letter calling for President Xis resignation
Rescuers: Female suicide bombers kill 22 at Nigerian mosque
Pakistan cricket captain Shahid Afridi accused of treason for suggesting his team gets a warmer welcome in India
Blood Lions documentary exposes controversial canned lion hunting industry in South Africa within which captive-bred, often hand-reared lions are placed in enclosed spaces on private hunting reserves guaranteeing a kill for a trophy hunter for $50,000
A powerful Syrian Kurdish political party is planning to declare a federal region in northern Syria, a model it hopes can be applied to the entire country
NASA will intentionally start a fire on a cargo ship in space
Saudi Arabia-led coalition kills 41 civilians in strike on market in Yemen
400,000-year-old fossils from Spain provide earliest genetic evidence of Neandertals
Belgian police hunt gunman after Brussels anti-terror raid - Shots fired during raid on house by officers investigating Novembers terrorist attacks in Paris
Canadian woman who successfully sued province for wrongful sterilization when she was a teen dies.
Brazils ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is likely to accept a position in his successors cabinet, according to media reports, in order to protect himself from prosecution in a corruption case involving the state-run oil company, Petrobras.
British academic detained in Turkey accused of making terrorist propaganda
Saudi Arabia planning Nato-like military alliance of Muslim states
US State Dept declares ISIS is committing genocide in Iraq, Syria
Brazilian Federal Police releases tapped phone call between Rousseff and Lula
Muslim-majority Pakistan set to declare Holi, Diwali and Easter as public holidays in a landmark decision
Russia reveals plans for 2018 test of nuclear engine that could get cosmonauts to Mars in six weeks
Feel Free To Leave India, Says Government to Monsanto In GM Cotton Row
Hiking on New Zealand glaciers banned because of rapid melting. Fox and Franz Josef glaciers have been melting at such a rapid rate that it has become too dangerous for tourists to hike onto them from the valley floor, ending a tradition that dates back a century.
More than a dozen U.S. military personnel have been disciplined  but face no criminal charges  for mistakes that led to the bombing of a Doctors Without Borders hospital that killed 42 people in Afghanistan last year
Nigerian lawmakers voted down a women equality bill citing the Bible and Sharia law
The Kurds Are Planning to Declare Their Own Autonomous Region in Syria
Protests erupt in Brazil after Lula appointed minister
Syrian Kurds declare federal region in the north
Brazils Lula takes Cabinet post in bid to save Rousseff
Coke, Pepsi plan to fight Montreal on a possible plastic water bottle ban
The Vatican is replacing its controversial ambassador to the U.S., who arranged the meeting between Pope Francis and antigay Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis last fall.
Dugong mother and calf found chained in ocean cage
[Israel] Knesset pushes stiff limits for bank CEOs pay - would limit CEO pay to NIS 2.5 million ($641,000) a year, or 35 times the salary of the lowest-paid worker, whichever is lower.
Russian Military Killed No Civilians In Syria, Ambassador Alexander Yakovenko Says
Australian golden orb spider blows over the Tasman Sea to land in a New Zealand town
Drug cartels are taking over the tortilla business in Mexico
Magnitude 2.2 artificial quake detected in N. Korea
Migrants arriving on Greek islands to be sent back to Turkey within days if deal goes through
US urges immediate release of student sentenced to hard labor in North Korea
2 out of 3 Indians drink milk laced with detergent, urea and paint
Ukraine could be a month away from becoming the only country in the world without protection from polio because of delays in licensing a new vaccine, according to the World Health Organisation (WHO).
New North Korea sanctions issued by President Obama
TTIP: secrecy around talks is profoundly undemocratic, MPs say. A German MP said she was given only two hours to read 300 pages
Chinas Man-made sun produces longest plasma pulse at 50 million degrees
One of the worlds largest advertising agencies has been accused of helping Saudi Arabia whitewash its record on human rights following the kingdoms largest mass execution for more than 30 years.
Brazilian judge blocks appointment of ex-leader Lula as chief of staff, hours after he was sworn in to the post
Ukraine tears down giant Lenin statue, live on YouTube
Obama Sends Letter on the First Mail Flight to Cuba in More Than 50 Years
Scientists discover secret chambers in the Tomb of King Tut. Scan reveals the chamber contains metallic and organic material which archaeologist Nicholas Reeves believes could be the remains, and possible grave goods, of Queen Nefertiti.
Pizzeria owner who tried to recruit for ISIS gets 22 years
Russian Sanctions to Remain Until Crimea Returned to Ukraine  U.S.
February shatters heat records. Worldwide, February was warmer than 125 of the last 136 Marches, when temperature records first started being kept.
TTIP: Big business &amp; US to have major say in EU trade deals, leak reveals - Exclusive: Document obtained by campaign group shows legislation will be influenced before it reaches European Parliament
German Spy Found Guilty of Treason and Sentenced to 8 Years for Selling Classified Documents to CIA
North Korea Releases Footage of 21-Year-Old Captives Crime Against the State
Cameroon sentences 89 Boko Haram members to death. First terror related death sentences since new law passed in 2014 allowing it.
Invasion of the American lobsters: Sweden asks EU for help - Swedish environment ministry says Maine lobster could wipe out European species with deadly diseases
Italy Will Adopt New Law Requiring All Unsold Food to Be Donated to the Needy
Ebola outbreak: Guinea confirms two new cases
The Saudi Aramco Oil Company now owns 100% of the biggest refinery in the US.
The US Postal Service has restored direct mail to Cuba
Scientists find evidence that Alzheimers lost memories may one day be recoverable.
ISIS claims to have killed five Russian soldiers near Palmyra, displays captured bodies
Chinese City Publicly Shames Migrant Workers Who Protested Unpaid Wages
EU calls for more countries to impose sanctions over Crimea
Japan strongly condemns North Koreas missile launch - PM Abe
Gay sex not a crime, says RSS, raises hopes of govt rethink - Times of India
Paris attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam shot and wounded in Brussels anti-terror raid
Passenger Boeing From Dubai Crashes in Rostov On Don
Russia: Those guilty of insulting Vladimir Putin face six years in prison under proposed law
Shots fired in new Brussels raids.
British Prime Minister David Cameron will postpone publication of the Iraq war inquiry report until after the European Union referendum, leading to accusations that he is deliberately delaying controversial announcements.
Heinrich Himmlers stash of books on witchcraft is discovered in Czech library after being hidden for 50 years
Australia: No jail for mum and midwife found guilty of female genital mutilation of young girls
US Military Personnel To Be Punished For Bombing Doctors Without Borders Hospital In Afghanistan - I can tell you those individuals most closely associated with it are suspended from duties &amp; referred for administrative action. spokesman for US central command.
France moves towards full ban on pesticides blamed for bee losses
Security Researcher goes missing after investigating Bangladesh bank cyber-heist -- Zoha met with a friend at 11:30 PM on Wednesday night, March 16. While coming home, a jeep pulled in front of their auto-rickshaw, and men separated the two, putting them in two different cars
Vatican Will Replace Archbishop Who Set Up Kim Davis Meeting With Pope
UK Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith has resigned citing pressure to make cuts to disability benefits. It comes after mounting controversy over 4bn of planned cuts to Personal Independence Payments, expected to affect 640,000 people
US officials: 1 North Korean missile blew up shortly after launch
Pentagon chief: Obama wants to defeat ISIS by end of his term
Turkey: Academics Jailed For Signing Petition
Brazil judge strips Lula of office amid mounting political crisis. Supreme court justice Gilmar Mendes says Lulas appointment appeared designed to prevent him being charged with corruption.
Assisted Dying Canada: First Person In Ontario To Get Legal Permission Dies
Former UN official accuses world body of colossal mismanagement
The Saudi Coalition Killed More Than 100 Civilians in a Yemeni Market, Says the UN
Australias emissions rising and vastly underestimated, says report. Land clearing surge in Queensland since 2012 could create emissions roughly equal to those saved by the federal governments emissions reduction scheme
Toothfish poaching vessel Viking blown up by Indonesian authorities
As recession bites and land disputes hit Brazils agricultural heartland, indigenous people face land grabs and assaults by violent gangs. .Tauli-Corpuz called for immediate measures to be taken to protect indigenous leaders, 138 of whom were killed in 2014
Denisovan DNA Found in Pacific IslandersTheyve traces of it from Neanderthals &amp; Denisovans, the only species of archaic humans we know less from fossil evidence &amp; more how their genes show up in modern humans. So far, their DNA has only been found in those from Oceania.
Brazil Supreme Court Justice Blocks Ex-President Lulas Cabinet Appointment
Bahrain: Alarming spike in expulsion of citizens arbitrarily stripped of their nationality
Netherlands will once again need to close prisons due to falling crime rate and lack of prisoners.
Reports of explosions at Brussels airport
Two explosions at Brussels airport
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has called on Muslims across the world to unite and fight against terrorism posing a threat to the region and the globe.
Belgian nuclear plant evacuated
Turkey says 3 ISIS suspects planning sensational attack
By 2025, some 1.8 billion people will face absolute water scarcity, and an estimated two-thirds of the worlds population could be living under water-stressed condition
Ship carrying 331kg of weapons-grade plutonium, enough to make 50 atomic bombs, leaves Japan for US
Russia says it will unilaterally start using force against those violating the partial truce in Syria, if the US does not agree to joint rules by Tuesday.
Ethnicity bias - French Canadian referees call significantly more penalties on English Canadian players: university study
1.8m vip paedophile ring probe closed without single arrest
Scientists think lead ink from scrolls may unlock library destroyed by Vesuvius - 100s of scrolls, part of classical worlds best-surviving library, have tantalised scholars since found in Herculaneum in 1752. About 200 have never been read. X-raying begins in July.
Flashdrives for freedom? 20,000 USBs to be smuggled into North Korea
Astrophysicists detect ultra-fast winds near supermassive black hole: Were talking wind speeds of 20 per cent the speed of light, which is more than 200 million kilometres an hour. Thats equivalent to a category 77 hurricane.
South Korea confirms first Zika case
Brazil descends into chaos as Olympics looms
The mayors of 20 European cities including Madrid, Paris and Copenhagen, but excluding London, have called for more stringent regulations to be put in place across the continent to tackle the deadly levels of air pollution caused by diesel vehicles
Corrupt European countries costing EU nearly 800bn a year, says study
Castro urges return of Guantanamo land, after meeting with Obama
Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko given 22-year sentence
Thousands protest in Okinawa over alleged rape of Japanese tourist by U.S. serviceman
LGBT festival in Ukraine abandoned after clash with far-right activists
Seeking better ties with Egypt, Hamas removes Muslim Brotherhood billboards in Gaza
Alibaba to soon overtake Wal-Mart to become worlds No.1 retail platform
Scientists remove HIV-1 from genome of human immune cells.
Russian soldier surrounded by ISIS calls in airstrikes on himself
ISISs Second-in-Command Killed in Raid
France arrests man in advanced stages of attack plot
Pope washes feet of Muslim migrants, says We are brothers In his homily, Francis said: We have different cultures and religions, but we are brothers and we want to live in peace.
Imam at Scotlands largest mosque praises extremist killer
16 people are missing after a Chinese news site ran a letter asking Xi Jinping to resign
UN gives Qatar a year to end forced labour of migrant workers
Brussels attacks: Explosion and gunfire heard during police operations in Schaerbeek
The Ukrainian lawyer of captured Russian soldiers has been kidnapped, robbed, shot dead and buried
Islamic State video calls for jihad after Brussels blasts - Every Muslim who is well aware of the history of Islam, knows that the holy war against infidels is an integral part of Islam, and those who read history would know.
Car bomb hits Turkey, multiple casualties
A U.N.-backed report says global investments in solar, wind and other sources of renewable energy reached a record $286 billion last year. For the first time the developing world accounted for the majority.
International medical experts call for global drug decriminalisation
Two students convicted for London terror plot
Blasphemy cases rise in Egypt and Christians bear the brunt
Intel: North Korea Probably has a Miniaturized Nuclear Warhead
Israeli soldier arrested after being caught on video fatally shooting wounded Palestinian attacker
In Twitter blitz, Dubai security chief opposes Palestinian state, urges coalition with Israel
FlyDubai crash pilot was due to leave job over fatigue
Paris terror plot: Man arrested in advanced stages of plan to attack French capital | Europe | News
Clean energy is winning the race against fossil fuels  but the planet is still losing
Russias special forces officer killed in Syria: Interfax
Scotland Just closed its Last Coal Plant - Longannet ceased operations Thursday. Once was largest in Europe, it shut down before those gathered in the main control room. Ok, here we go, said a worker pressing a red button that stopped the turbines that generated electricity for 1/4 of homes.
Hungary proposes temporary totalitarianism during high terrorist danger levels - anti-terrorist package proposed by cabinet includes altering constitution, army on streets, surveillance of any suspect, ISP record-keeping and forced decryption, absolute eminent domain rights, closed borders.
Brussels attacks: Belgium fears Isis seeking to make dirty nuclear bomb
An aerial survey of the northern Great Barrier Reef in Australia has shown that 95 per cent of the reefs are now severely bleached and about half of the corals are expected to die in the coming month.
Top medical experts say we should decriminalize all drugs &amp; maybe go even further - Their report comes ahead of a special UN General Assembly Session on drugs to be held next month
Japan Loses Contact With New Space Telescope
Saudi Arabia Cracks Down On Peaceful Dissent, Sentences Journalist To 5 Yrs In Prison - over a series of tweets, in what human rights organizations are calling the latest crackdown on free expression by the oil-rich kingdom.
Saudi Arabia doesnt need elections even though Syria does, ambassador claims: Elections are unnecessary in Saudi Arabia because its people are happier with the current system of government than almost any other country in the world, the kingdoms UN ambassador has claimed.
Most British workers are spending longer at their workplace for little or no gain in productivity, according to a landmark study being released this week. More than two-thirds of employees say they are working longer hours than two years ago, but only 10% believe they are more productive.
Turkey is deliberately unleashing Isis terrorists into Europe, says Jordans King Abdullah
Palmyra ruins mostly intact, Syria antiquities chief reports after regime forces recaptured the desert oasis from the Islamic State group.
Fidel Castro to Obama: We dont need your presents
Preserved ice age puppies recovered from Siberian permafrost awe scientists - dating back 12,460 years has mobilized scientists across the world.
Belgium releases terror murder suspect
Russia is considering building a naval base on islands off northern Japan, an area that includes territory at the center of a long-running spat between Tokyo and Moscow
Thousands of protesters have clashed with police near parliament in the Pakistani capital, Islamabad, against the execution of a man charged with murdering a governor for his criticism of blasphemy laws.
Brazil seizes abortion drugs sent to women living in fear of zika virus
Chinese Scientists Say They Have the Ability To Clone Humans
Unemployment in France reaches new high
Israel urges citizens to leave Turkey ASAP
Scores killed in blast at family park in Lahore aimed at Christians
London Priest loses 500K meant for refugees gambling
Another Nation Trims Meat From Diet Advice: The Netherlands Nutrition Centre says it is recommending people eat just two servings of meat a week, setting an explicit limit on meat consumption for the first time.
NSA director made secret visit to Israel last week
Dutch arrest Frenchman suspected in planning attack
Taliban faction says carried out suicide bomb attack on Pakistan park, says Christians were target
Moldova: Thousands march for reunification with Romania
Suspect arrested in Honduran activist Nelson Garcas murder: Environmentalist was killed near his house just days after colleague Berta Cceres was fatally shot but critics are accusing government of a cover-up
EgyptAir Domestic Flight From Alexandria to Cairo Hijacked, Lands in Cyprus
Israel passes law to cap bankers salaries: Israel has introduced one of the worlds toughest curbs on bank executives salaries in an effort to narrow a big pay gap between bosses and workers. It was approved in parliament overnight in a 56-0 vote and will take effect in six months.
U$1bn poured so rapidly into Malaysian PMs personal bank accounts that it rang money-laundering alarms
Many millions of Muslims fundamentally incompatible with the modern world, says Tony Blair
ISIS planning imminent attack on Jewish schools and kindergartens
North Korea Tells Citizens To Prepare Themselves For Famine
Canada has imposed sanctions on North Korea.
Palestinian fabricated Jewish terror attack, now faces charges.
2nd major skyscraper fire in 3 months - UAE residential tower engulfed in flames
Falkland Islands lie in Argentinian waters, rules UN commission
Indian Supreme Court agreed on Monday to hear a Muslim womans petition seeking to declare Triple Talaq and polygamy in Islam unconstitutional, despite strong opposition from influential Islamic bodies of judicial scrutiny of Muslim personal law practices
Japans retirees turn to crime for a better life in prison
Egypts state-run news agency says the president has dismissed the countrys top auditor who earlier had said corruption has cost the country billions of dollars
CIA used nude photos as sexual humiliation on post-9/11 terror suspects: report
Saudi Arabias largest dairy company will soon be unable to farm alfalfa in its own parched country to feed its 170,000 cows. So its turning to an unlikely place to grow the water-chugging crop -- the drought-stricken American Southwest.
China editor resigns over media censorship
Russian weapons exports expected to receive $6bn-$7bn boost as result of marketing effect of bombing campaign in Syria
Putin Faces Information Attack on Wealth, Friends, Russia Says:The Kremlin accused a group of international journalists of preparing an information attack on President Vladimir Putins wealth and his ties to billionaire oligarchs
Terrorists who targeted park filled with children are cowards, says Pakistan PM
North Korea Fires Another Missile, Just as Obama Prepares for Trilateral Meeting
Turkey summoned German ambassador over satirical report: Spiegel
Saudi Economy Shows Deepening Signs of Strain as Spending Drops
Arctic sea ice sets wintertime record low thanks to global warming. Arctic temperatures this winter were up to 15 degrees higher than average, according to NASA.
ISIS executes 12 of its members relatives over intel links
Brussels attacks: Fight the westerners text sent to youths in Molenbeek
Hundreds of thousands of leaked emails reveal massively widespread corruption in global oil industry
Using Adblock Plus to block ads is legal, rules German courtfor the fifth time
Apple wants the FBI to reveal how it hacked the San Bernardino killers iPhone
War on Drugs has made no difference to number of users &amp; actively harms public health, major study concludes - Report authors call for scientifically grounded policies, including regulated markets for cannabis
Fracking Triggers 90% of Large Quakes in Western Canada
Turkey demands deletion of German video mocking Erdoan
90% of Indigenous in Brazils Amazon Suffer Mercury Poisoning
Satire spat: Germany tells Turkey free speech not negotiable: A Foreign Ministry spokeswoman says German diplomats told their Turkish counterparts Tuesday theres no chance the government will intervene over the song Germanys position on freedom of the press and expression isnt negotiable.
Chinese government is arresting the families of Chinese critics and journalists abroad.
Mass surveillance silences minority opinions, according to study
BBC Says Russias Troll Factory Faked a Video Showing a US Soldier Shooting at a Quran
Costa Rican men convicted for killing conservationist &amp; raping volunteers - 4 of 7 men sentenced for murder of Jairo Mora, who worked to protect sea turtles with 4 female volunteers. Savagery of attack dealt severe blow to the countrys image as a safe, eco-tourist-friendly destination.
U.S. orders military families to leave parts of Turkey
Scientists say a 305 million-year-old fossil is the closest relative to true spiders ever discovered - but is not itself a spider. Easily pre-dating the dinosaurs, the 1.5cm creature lived alongside the oldest known ancestors of modern spiders but its lineage is now extinct.
The politicians voting to impeach Brazils president are accused of more corruption than she is
Former Canadian minister Jean Lapierre, his wife and three of his siblings killed in plane crash on way to fathers funeral
Brazil president closer to impeachment as coalition partner quits
Saudi authorities reportedly seek death penalty for coming out
Chinese journalist denounces president Xi Jinping in resignation letter: Ive been kneeling so long I cant bear it. Id like to change posture
$600 Million Worth Smuggling Operation Nailed by US and Hong Kong Authorities
Obama administration to allow Atlantic oil prospecting despite threat to marine life
FBI warned Dutch about El Bakraoui brothers week before attacks
Several loud explosions followed by heavy gunfire were heard over Tripoli in the early hours of Wednesday
German prosecutor: Hard to convict Islamic State returnees - Germanys top state prosecutor says often nothing can be proven against members of terrorist groups returning from war zones. Islamic State returnees can rarely be convicted on murder charges.
Child labor rises sharply in Gaza: In the past five years, the number of working children between the ages of 10 and 17 has doubled.
Reddit deletes surveillance warrant canary in transparency report
The headquarters of the Monaco-based oil company Unaoil and the homes of its executives have been raided by police in the wake of revelations in recent days that it has systematically corrupted the global oil industry.
Daily NK reports North Korea declares China an enemy and threatens a nuclear storm against them
Worlds Richest Banker Charged With Bribery
Rural Canadians Want the Govt to Fix Their Shitty Internet, Survey Says
North Korea has officially announced it is blocking YouTube, Facebook, Twitter and South Korean websites in a move that underscores its increasing concern with the spread of information available on the Internet.
Indonesian government threatens to deport Leonardo DiCaprio for palm oil criticism - Immigration chief Ronny Sompie says Oscar-winners visa could be revoked after comments made on environmental campaign visit  but DiCaprio appears to have left the country already
Discovery Could Rewrite History of Vikings in New World: Archaeologists have unearthed a stone hearth that was used for iron-working, 100s of miles away from the only known Viking site in N.America suggesting that Norse exploration of the region wasnt a limited undertaking.
Protests erupt during Erdogan visit to Washington, D.C.
Obama meets with Japan and South Korea today to discuss growing tensions with North Korea.
Hacker claims he helped Enrique Pea Nieto win Mexican presidential election; claims he and other hackers installed malware to monitor opponents during 2012 campaign as part of black propaganda operation
British Columbias Carbon Tax Has Been So Successful That Businesses Want To Increase It - Its reduced fuel usage by at least 16% &amp; emissions fell 3.5 times faster per capita than in the rest of the country.
Right-wing, anti-Islam protest in Brussels Molenbeek district banned
Saudi Arabia Plans $2 Trillion Megafund for Post-Oil Era: Deputy Crown Prince
Norways Whaling Program Just Got Even More Controversial: A new document shows meat from whale hunts going to a company that makes feed for animals on fur farms.
A British Islamic extremist is found guilty of planning a terrorist attack on American military personnel in Britain. Delivery driver Junead Khan, 25, used his job with a pharmaceutical firm as cover to scout United States Air Force (Usaf) bases in East Anglia, his trial heard.
Amid North Korean Threat: South Korea will develop a Devastating Graphite Bomb called The Black Out Bomb; Carried by cruise missiles, the bomb explodes above its target, releasing fine carbon filaments which float down in a cloud melting electrical grids.They will develop it on a massive budget.
North Korea says its attacks will be worse than September 11 | NK News - North Korea News
Worlds obese population hits 640 million, according to largest ever study
A man on the Egypt Air flight rang his wife to tell her about a secret bank account and one man slept through the hijack
North Korea jamming GPS signals in South; can affect planes, cellphones
North Korea nuclear tests: US and China to co-operate
China Unveils Proposal for $50 Trillion for Global Electricity Network
Frustration erupts in three-hour brawl between Afghans and Syrians at Greek refugee camp
North Korea fires another missile into sea
The Prime Minister of Iceland has resigned
Panama Papers: British Banker Funded North Korean Arms
Tigers declared extinct in Cambodia
Iceland PM did not fully resign, merely asked deputy to take over for an unspecified amount of time
Panama Papers: WikiLeaks calls for data leak to be released in full
Panama Papers firm linked to over 1,000 U.S. companies
Fifa president Gianni Infantino pulled into corruption scandal by Panama Papers
Saudi Arabia passes Russia as worlds third biggest military spender
Sperm Whales Found Full of Car Parts and Plastics
German Officials: Suspects In Cologne Attacks Mostly Foreign
Syrian rebels massacre Kurdish civilians in Aleppo
Google offers Cubans free computer and Internet use
France places Panama back on list of tax havens
First Time Ever: Canadian bank fined $1.1M by anti-money laundering agency
Iceland: PM Sigmundur Dav Gunnlaugsson Wavers On Resignation
Israel tears down seven Palestinian homes in 24 hours
Jackie Chan, Pedro Almodovar among celebrities implicated by Panama Papers
Poverty in Russia Rising at Fastest Pace Since 1990s Turmoil
ISIS video game encourages players to Shoot Obama
After F-16s, US to give nine AH-1Z Viper attack helicopters worth $170 million to Pakistan
Two members of French far-right leader Marine Le Pens entourage moved hundreds of thousands of euros by way of offshore companies in recent years, according to Frances daily Le Monde
Chiles head of Transparency International resigns after Panama Papers
2,000-year-old bronze artifacts tied to temple unearthed near Sea of Galilee
A 6.9 event has occurred off the coast of Vanuatu, just a few days after another 6.9 event. No Tsunami warning.
Cops hacked the Police National Computer to unlawfully retain suspects biometric data
David Cameron admits he did have a stake in father Ian Camerons offshore investment fund
Big oil spent $115m obstructing climate laws in 2015, NGO says
Edward Snowdens David Cameron Tweet Tells Public to Rise Up and Force PMs Resignation
David Cameron facing calls to resign after finally confessing he did profit from 30,000 stake in his late fathers offshore fund
Pope tell catholics to be more open toward gays and lesbians
Thousands protesters to descend on Downing Street over PMs offshore links
After Australian ISP offers free data day to make up for widespread outage, customers use 2686 terabytes of data. This includes a single user downloading nearly a terabyte of data in 24 hours, including all of wikipedia, 24 seasons of the simpsons, 14 seasons of mythbusters, and backing it up.
Malawi Chief Annuls 850 Child Marriages, Sends Kids To School.
In an unannounced move, David Cameron has decided not to replace former climate change envoy, forfeiting his promised fight against climate change
Canadian PM Trudeau calls for global co-operation to crack down on offshore tax evasion in wake of Panama Papers scandal
Chinas Great Firewall inventor forced to use VPN live on stage to dodge his own creation
UK chancellor George Osborne benefited personally from a 6m tax dodging scheme
A Saudi Arabia-led military coalition used bombs supplied by the United States in an attack on a market in Yemen last month that killed at least 97 civilians, including 25 children, Human Rights Watch said in a report released Wednesday.
Panama Papers leaked from law firm Mossack Fonseca uncover the exclusive club that lines the pockets of Palestines political and financial elite
13 North Korean workers at overseas restaurants defect to S. Korea
David Cameron accused of completely undermining Tory claims to be tough on tax dodgers
The U.S. Treasury Department intends to soon issue a long-delayed rule forcing banks to seek the identities of people behind shell-company account holders, after the Panama Papers leak provoked a global uproar over the hiding of wealth via offshore banking devices
Disgraced former FIFA boss Sepp Blatter to serve on panel on how to fix FIFA
Female police officers subjected to attractiveness inspections in Mexico
Global warming may be far worse than thought, cloud analysis suggests. Researchers find clouds contain more liquid  as opposed to ice  than was previously believed, threatening greater increase in temperatures.
17+ Civilians Killed in U.S. Airstrikes
Terror suspect Mohammed Abrini arrested
Saudi Arabias king announces a bridge is to be built over the Red Sea to Egypt
9,000 Ethiopian Jews to make aliyah in June
Denmark arrests four suspected Islamic State returnees
Air Frances gay stewards refuse to go to Iran, where homosexuality is punishable by death
Scientists have for the first time scanned the brains of people using LSD and found how brain in a psychedelic drug state mimics mind of a baby: free and unconstrained.
Victoria has become the first state in Australia to legalise the use of medicinal cannabis
Muslim woman prevented second terror attack on Paris by tipping off police about whereabouts of ISIS mastermind
EU unveils plan to force Facebook, Google and Amazon to pay their fair share of tax
Global Fisheries are collapsing. Some stocks depleted already by 85%
CIA middlemen and other spies used Panama Papers law firm to hide activities, report says
Most of World Banks Private Investments Linked to Tax Havens
Canadian Government offers up to $5 Million for whistle blowers after the release of the Panama Papers.
A top African (Nigerian) prophet and televangelist - T.B. Joshuas shell company in offshore tax haven revealed in PanamaPapers
U.S. Drone Strike Kills 17 Civilians, Including First Responders In Afghanistan
President Obama: Libya aftermath worst mistake of presidency
Number of wild tigers in the world rises 22%, For the first time in almost a century, there has been an increase in the global tiger population.
Some people appear to be born with superhero DNA that cancels out genetic diseases like cystic fibrosis, say researchers.
Saudi Arabias top Islamic cleric says women would be exposed to evil if allowed to drive
Panama Papers: HMRC chief was partner at law firm that acted for David Cameron offshore fund
First air passengers land on Chinas blacklist for uncivilized behavior
Television crew of the Australian edition of 60 minutes to be charged with kidnapping 2 children in Beirut.
Norways Lutheran church votes in favor of same-sex marriage
An impeachment committee of Brazils lower house of Congress voted 38-27 on Monday that there are grounds to impeach President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws to allegedly favor her re-election in 2014
One in every five suicide bombers used by Boko Haram in the past two years has been a child, a report by UNICEF says.
Brazil Deploying Troops, Barricades Before Impeachment Votes
U.S. to China: Abide by International Ruling on Disputed Islands
U.S. sources: N. Korea may be preparing mobile ballistic missile launch
UK - Dennis Skinner kicked out of Commons for Cameron jibe over tax
First Interstellar Probe Mission Announced: Breakthrough Starshot Will Accelerate Tiny Probes to Alpha Centauri 20 Years After Launch
UK Jeremy Corbyn found to have overpaid tax... after the Sun newspaper tried to smear the Labour leader
Thailand to Punish Drunk Drivers by Sending them to Work at the Morgue
Sugar addiction should be treated as a form of drug abuse
Uber says they gave U.S. agencies data on more than 12 million users
Wide Majorities of Young Arabs Despise ISIS, Want More Rights for Women, See U.S. as Ally
7.2 earthquake hits Myanmar-India border
Graduates earning less than those who did not go to university, research reveals : Those studying the creative arts and mass communication go on to be among the lowest paid graduates
David Cameron says it is unfair to criticise British-controlled tax havens
Police Raid Mossack Fonseca headquarters in Panama
Greece sells countrys largest port to China
Its only April, and scientists are already stunned by Greenlands melting: The Danish Meteorological Institute reported that although its only April, nearly 12 percent of the ice sheets surface is covered with a layer of meltwater of a depth of at least a millimeter.
Kinder chocolate banned in Palestine because it contains alcohol
Swedish Turkish leader resigns after death to Armenians speech
Amsterdam airport evacuated for security threat
Ecuadors President Demands Release of All the Panama Papers
Goldman Sachs has agreed to pay more than $5 billion to settle charges it sold mortgages it knew were likely to fail during the housing bubble heydays of 2005-2007
Germany train crash: Controller distracted by computer game
Indias Supreme Court: Some Hindu temples/mosques ban on women is unacceptable and undermines the fight for gender equality.
Worlds largest coal company files for bankruptcy
Merkel stresses commitment to free speech in row over Erdoan poem
Amid ominous warnings about threats to pollinators and the food crops they make possible, garden-care giant Ortho said Tuesday [12 April 2016] it will stop using a class of chemicals widely believed to harm the most important pollinators of all: bees.
IMF: Inflation in Venezuela is projected to increase 481% this year and by a staggering 1,642% next year
Malik Jalal asks to be taken off the Kill List.
Shanghai: People Who Fail to Visit Parents Can Be Sued, Will Have Credit Scores Lowered
Saudi Arabia strips religious police of arresting power
Putin praises Obama for admitting mistakes in Libya: Firstly, this fact confirms once again that the current US president is a decent person
US corporations have $1.4tn hidden in tax havens, claims Oxfam report
Netherlands looks to ban all gas, diesel car sales by 2025
Oil industry knew of serious climate concerns more than 45 years ago
In Macedonia after a wiretapping scandal the president pardons all politicians, protesters break into presidents office
97% of scientists believe climate change is caused by humans, study finds
Over 1,000 Leaders Worldwide Call for End to Disastrous Drug War, Ahead of UN Special Session
The use of sniffer dogs at Manchester Airport has been criticised after dogs there failed to discover any Class A drugs in a seven-month period. But one dog, trained to detect illegal animal products, often found small amounts of cheese or sausages carried by holidaymakers, a report said.
Canadian government under fire over $12bn arms sale to Saudi Arabia.
A world-famous sports stars charity backed by Princess Beatrice and David Beckham is under investigation after the Mail found less than 1 per cent of the cash it raised in the UK has gone to good causes.
In a world first, a quadriplegic man can once again move his fingers after a chip was implanted in his brain.
Canadas new assisted suicide law will only apply to Canadians and permanent residents, precluding the prospect of suicide tourism.
USS Donald Cook buzzed again by Russian jets in Baltic
Germany Islam: CSU head Scheuer calls for German in mosques. The senior German conservative politician has said German must become the language of the countrys mosques and that foreign funding from Turkey and Saudi Arabia must stop.
Canadas Liberal government accused of lying about $15-billion Saudi arms deal
Zika confirmed as a cause of microcephaly: CDC - Health
Islamic State destroys 2,000-year-old ancient gates of Nineveh near Mosul.
BP CEO to receive 20% pay rise to $20m/14m
US accuses Israel of using excessive force against Palestinians. Annual US report on human rights says nearly half of Palestinians killed by Israel were not carrying out attacks, and many times did not pose a threat to life
Swiss banking whistleblower claims the CIA are behind the Panama Papers leak
Canadian Police Obtained BlackBerrys Global Decryption Key. A high-level surveillance probe of Montreals criminal underworld shows that Canadas federal policing agency has had a global encryption key for BlackBerry devices since 2010.
The worlds first museum dedicated to Chinas Tiananmen Square crackdown is to close its doors in Hong Kong, with organisers saying they believe they are being targeted for political reasons.
IMF warns of fresh financial crisis
NASA: Global warming now changing how Earth wobbles
Brazilian congress votes to impeach president Dilma Rousseff
Ethiopia attack: 200 people dead, 100 children missing
UK Home Secretary Theresa May tried to alter drug report because she didnt like its conclusions | UK Politics
More than 400 refugees drown in Mediterranean after boats capsize crossing from Egypt to Italy
Georgia detains six it says were trying to sell $200 million worth of uranium-238
Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel backed his outspoken interior minister over comments that a significant number of Muslims had cheered the Brussels bombings, and said supporters of terrorism were a cancer that needed removing
US says it will respond strongly in event of another North Korea nuclear test.
Pharmaceutical company manager busted with $300 million worth of ephedrine, illegally used for production of methamphetamine in India .
Castro, 84, says Cubas leaders are too old, proposes limits
Chinese Parents Outraged After Illnesses at School Are Tied to Pollution
Europe cant take in millions of migrants: ex-chancellor Kohl - Former German Chancellor Helmut Kohl has warned that Europe cant become a new home for millions of migrants, in a veiled criticism of incumbent Angela Merkels liberal asylum policies.
Hands off our cherished BBC, say older voters - The government is not trusted by a majority of voters to protect the BBC. Labour has recently accused ministers of trying to intimidate the BBC as part of a wider attempt to limit scrutiny of [the governments] activities.
Germanys AfD takes overt anti-Islam stance: The right-wing Alternative for Germany has called for a ban on minarets and burqas ahead of its party congress
Pilot flying into Heathrow airport says drone hit plane
Decriminalising Cannabis Would Hurt Islamic State, Mafia-Italy Prosecutor.
Swedens housing minister quits after extremism row. Swedish minister Mehmet Kaplan resigns over dinner with Turkish fascist and comments about Israel
Brazil leaders ally admits impeachment defeat
Video of soldiers torturing woman prompts apology from Mexican defense chief
Hacking Your Phone - CBS News 60 Minutes - They were able to do it by exploiting a security flaw they discovered in Signaling System Seven -- or SS7. It is a little-known, but vital global network that connects phone carriers.
Englands last remaining golden eagle feared to have died in Lake District
One of Italys 100 most dangerous criminals has been arrested by detectives disguised as pizza boys who delivered food to his home as he was watching a football match.
UK firm employed former child soldiers as mercenaries in Iraq; Former director acknowledges Aegis Defence Services may have recruited former child fighters in Sierra Leone
China releases dam water to ease SE Asia drought
Tusk says alarming numbers of migrants in Libya
Trudeau: Respecting Saudi deal a matter of principle
British govt poo-poos winning Boaty McBoatface name for ship - After Internet users overwhelmingly voted to christen Britains new $300 million research ship Boaty McBoatface in an online naming poll, a govt official suggests the name wont be used.
A fifth of people with advanced melanoma have no sign of tumours in their body after treatment with a pair of immunotherapy drugs, a study shows.
7-Year-Old Boy Hit and Killed by UN Ambassadors Motorcade in Cameroon
At least 20 reported wounded in Jerusalem bus blast
At least 413 people are now known to have died in the earthquake that struck Ecuador, the countrys government says.
German spies imply Snowden leaked files for Russia
Almost 500 Students Fall Ill at Posh Chinese School From Toxic Waste Dumped Nearby
60 Minutes crew facing more time in Lebanese prison on kidnapping charges
Why super-gonorrhoea is spreading &amp; may soon be untreatable - Englands public health agency has launched an incident response after discovering more cases of gonorrhoea that are resistant to nearly all antibiotics.
Solar is now cheaper than coal, says India energy minister
State of Un-dress: North Korean dictator bans jeans and piercings in latest crackdown on Western fashion
Africa Sees 10-fold Increase in Number of Children Used for Suicide Bombings
Brazil president says she wont quit after impeachment vote
Sea Shepherd Announces the Destruction of an Illegal Antarctic Fishing Fleet
Riot erupts in Cairo after policeman kills man over cup of tea
US, Germany: Golan Heights not part of Israel; The United States and Germany both criticized Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahus declaration that the Golan Heights will forever remain part of Israeli sovereignty.
Vice President Joe Biden says the U.S. has an obligation to push Israel toward peace with Palestinians despite a sometimes overwhelming frustration with Israels government
Unprecedented global warming as 2016 approaches 1.5 C mark
Lausanne, Switzerland is joining the growing list of places looking to experiment with a universal basic income
In groundbreaking move, Europe bans 2 endocrine-disrupting weedkillers - Use of Amitrole &amp; Isoproturon, herbicides that have been linked to cancer, infertility &amp; birth defects, is prohibited from Sept 30
IDF discovers two-kilometer-long Hamas tunnel in Gaza border area
Cuba calls Obama visit an attack as Communists defend ideology
Over 1,000 Leaders Worldwide Slam Failed Prohibitionist Drug Policies, Call for Systemic Reform
Mexican volcano spews ash two miles into the air over Puebla
Egypt floods Hamas tunnel, seven Palestinian trapped
Pacific Bluefin Tuna: Population Drops 97% Due to Overfishing
France bill McDonalds $341 million for unpaid taxes on profits believed to have been funneled through Luxembourg, Switzerland
Insult Turkeys Erdogan contest set up by UK magazine
Great Barrier Reef: Half of natural wonder is dead or dying and it is on the brink of extinction, scientists say
Mexican marines forced captured cartel bosses to wear womens lingerie and kiss each other
Fidel Castro, almost 90, gives rare speech saying he will soon die.
Britain has exported 2.8bn of arms to Saudi Arabia since it started bombing Yemen in 2015
S. Korea covered up mass abuse, killings of vagrants before 1988 Olympics
India says it still wants back British queens crown jewel; India has repeatedly demanded that Britain return the 105-carat diamond, which was presented to Queen Victoria in 1850 and today sits on display as part of the Crown Jewels in the Tower of London.
Mitsubishi also admits cheating fuel efficiency tests
Muslim preachers appointed by the Ministry of Justice distributing Islamist material to inmates | Extremist material was found in more than 10 prisons, condemning homosexuality, urging attacks against apostates, and advocating a hard line interpretation of Sharia law.
Mexicos president says he is open to legalizing medical marijuana
3 men in line for Brazilian presidency accused of corruption
Australian ranch the size of Ireland sold to Chinese investors
More Than Half of Russians Want the Soviet Union Resurrected
NY Times: Workers from two rival construction companies in China clashed using heavy machinery
Norwegian court rules mass killer Breiviks rights violated
Saudi Arabia takes out $10bn in bank loans
Saudi Arabia Deploys US Public Relations Army Against 9/11 Bill
At least 28 people have been killed and 329 injured in a huge explosion in the centre of the Afghan capital Kabul
Hong Kong politician: Beijing will send in troops if Hong Kong declares independence
Intel to cut 12,000 jobs globally - approximately 11% of its workforce.
61 endangered species facing extinction in N. Korea due to deforestation: World Bank
Drones and kites banned from flying over London during Obama visit
Some drug cartels now make more money from gold than cocaine
The Netherlands to decriminalize insulting heads of state
Iranian women call on Western tourists to violate headscarf law to fight against oppression
Swiss army ready to act in worst case migrant scenario - Switzerland has said it is ready to mobilize up to 2,000 soldiers at border crossings should migrants continue to arrive into the country.
Russian engineers have used dogs and robots to successfully clear the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra of nearly 3000 explosive devices left behind by Islamic State.
2,400 year-old Roman-era mosaic found in southern Turkey says be cheerful, enjoy your life
Edward Snowden to sue Norway in a bid to secure free passage in Norway without being extradited to the US. He wants to come to Norway to accept a freedom of speech award.
Norwegian fighter jet helps save dying patient: Hospital staff call on air force F-16 to transport vital equipment from Trondheim hospital to patient 280 miles away
US Army captain foils Denmark school attack - A US Army captain in Iraq helped crack a plot to bomb a Danish school after gleaning crucial details from documents recovered from extremists, the Pentagon said on Wednesday.
Olympic bike lane collapses in Rio; at least 2 die
Boris Johnson suggests part-Kenyan Obama may have an ancestral dislike of Britain
Barcelona Police Raid Arrests 39 Chinese Mafia: Frees 30 Trafficked Chinese Women
U.S. charges woman for exporting underwater drone technology to China
Kindly send us names and quotes insulting our president: Ankaras Consulate asks Dutch citizens
Decriminalize all drugs, business and world leaders tell UN
U.S. soldier helps foil plot to blow up school in Denmark
Brussels bomber identified as jailer of foreign Isis hostages: Najim Laachraoui was Islamic State guard known as Abou Idriss, according to lawyer of former Syria hostage Nicolas Henin
Hong Kong bars may offer mens nights after court deems ladies night promos discriminatory
Mexico to Consider Cannabis Legalization
Turkish hotline for Erdogan insults angers Dutch
6.0 quake strikes Ecuador amid recovery efforts
Germany arrests two teenagers suspected of bombing Sikh temple
DE - Teen Salafists arrested over bomb attack on Sikh temple
The UK has been using massive datasets to spy on innocent civilians for years
Blow for Popes reforms as audit into Vatican finances forced to halt
Russian forces fired on Israeli military aircraft in Syria
Englands Doctors Walk Out of Emergency Wards in First Ever All-Out Strike
Russia Arrests Scientologist for Stealing $2 Million and Giving to Church
Watchdog says press freedom in decline, new era of propaganda
We are a Muslim country: Turkeys parliament speaker advocates religious constitution
8 bombers killed as their suicide vests went off prematurely in Kunduz - Khaama Press (KP)
Islamist militants behead Canadian man in southern Philippines
Hillsborough disaster: Police errors led to deaths
Sweden examining Islamic State threat to Stockholm
Massive fire destroys Delhis National Museum of Natural History
John Kerry condemns barbaric murder of gay rights activist and US Embassy worker in Bangladesh
Mitsubishi fuel tests errors since 1991
Report: Rouhani requests removal of Death to Israel from Iranian missiles
Russia and Syria sign deals worth $850 million to restore Syrian infrastructure
ISIS pay scale revealed: Documents show salaries based on number of wives, sex slaves
Prions, the misfolded proteins that are known for causing degenerative illnesses in animals and humans, may have been spotted for the first time in plants.
French mayor seeks to block Saudi-funded mosque
ISIS-linked jihadis publish hit list targeting US State Dept. personnel
Tories vote against accepting 3,000 child refugees (U.K)
Coat Hanger Rebels Battle Bid to Outlaw Abortion - Proposed law to ban abortion sends 1000s of Poles onto the streets, coat hangers held aloft &amp; drawn on posters. Activists have long decried abortion laws in Poland, which are among the most restrictive in Europe.
The city of Medellin, Colombia has been awarded the Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize 2016 for its transformation from a violent city to a model of urban innovation.
U.S. official: ISIS has cells in UK, Germany, Italy
Elephant dies from exhaustion after decades carrying tourists to Cambodias Angkor Wat
Rise in CO2 has greened Planet Earth
Japan warship visits the Philippines in sign of deepening security ties as row over South China Sea festers
Mexicos president proposes legalising medical marijuana (and up to 28 grams for recreational)
A 1.4GB leak of internal documents from Qatar National Bank gives data on al-Jazeera journalists, the ruling family and British spies
Toddlers meningitis death nets guilty verdict against Alberta parents
Kim Jong Un orders missile launches when angry, source says
Saying that climate change is an ethical problem, the Danish Council on Ethics (Det Etiske Rd) has called for a climate tax on red meat.
Australia is buying 12 new submarines from France for $39 billion
Largest ever lion airlift flies 33 big cats back to Africa - Thirty-three lions rescued from circuses in Peru and Colombia are being flown back to their homeland to live out the rest of their lives in a private sanctuary in South Africa.
Venezuela orders 2-day work week to stave off power crisis
Bangladesh: A court has jailed two teachers in southern Bangladesh for making derogatory comments about Islam and the Prophet,the case began when students complained that the assistant teacher of a science class dismissed Quran as the word of God and said there was no heaven.
UK Labour MP Naz Shah claimed Israeli Jews should be relocated to America in a series of social media posts
Xi Jinping calls for greater tolerance of criticism online about Chinas government ... and comments about his remarks are barred or censored
A Canadian tribunal has ruled the Victoria Police Dept violated an officers rights when they prevented him from advocating for drug legalization
Islamic State: Up to $800m of funds destroyed by strikes
Swedens Green Party infiltrated by Islamists
Trudeau says Canada does not and will not pay ransom to terrorists - Politics
Supreme Court allows 12-year-old Queensland girl to have abortion
Internet traffic to Wikipedia pages summarizing knowledge about terror groups and their tools plunged nearly 30 percent after revelations of widespread Web monitoring by the U.S. National Security Agency, suggesting that concerns about government snooping are hurting the ordinary pursuit of
Irans Deployment of 7,000 Plainclothes Morality Police Prompts Criticism.
Ofsted warns of Muslim school staff gender segregation
UN rejects Israels claim over Syrias Golan Heights
[Germany] Computer virus found in Bavarian nuclear plant
The South African government has banned four countrys sporting bodies (cricket, rugby, netball and athletics) from bidding to host global events because there arent sufficient black players in national teams.
Reports: 11 found dead at military barracks in Cape Verde
Venezuela will have a 2 day work week until further notice
EU rejects Greek request for emergency summit.
Chinese Navy in South China Sea Draws U.S. Admirals Praise: Rear Admiral Marcus Hitchcock says his ships have been engaged on almost a twenty four-seven basis with a completely professional Peoples Liberation Army Navy
Puerto Rico says it will default on Monday
Bitcoins elusive founder reveals himself as computer scientist Craig Wrightand publishes info needed to verify claim
Leaked papers allege US intimidating EU over TTIP free trade deal: German media say secret documents reveal the US is pressuring the EU to approve a transatlantic free trade deal. The reports say Washington may block easier car exports if the EU doesnt open up its agricultural market
Leaked TTIP documents cast doubt on EU-US trade deal
Berlin Brandenburg airport corruption whistleblower poisoned
Looting On the Rise As Venezuela Runs Out of Food, Electricity: Food Producers Alert They Have Only 15 Days Left of Inventory amid Rampant Inflation
Health experts believe Australia is on the brink of virtually eradicating cervical cancer because of vaccine and testing breakthroughs
Overfishing puts $42bn tuna industry at risk of collapse
Former Catholic priest John Farrell sentenced to minimum 18 years for sexually assaulting 12 children
Some 30,000 people took part in a yearly May Day rally in Tokyos central Yoyogi park, protesting against the controversial TPP trade deal among other issues, national work unions federation Zenroren said in a statement on Sunday.
Puerto Ricans leaving island for U.S. in record numbers
Pakistan: Blasphemy case registered against six for desecrating Sikh mans turban
Deadly heat wave is shattering all-time records in Southeast Asia and India. The temperature in Sukhothai, Thailand spiked to 44.3 degrees Celsius, or 111.7 degrees Celsius
Buses set on fire after Saudi Binladin Group lays off 50,000 foreign workers
UAE to build artificial mountain to improve rainfall
Massive oil theft by pirates costs Nigeria $1.5 billion every month
Israels controversial roof knocking tactic appears in Iraq. And this time, its the U.S. doing it.
Tips should go to workers, not employers, says government report | Charges on gratuities in restaurants, hotels and bars should be scrapped or limited, according to a review of tipping practices
44 claimed dead, maybe more. Others missing, injured, and feared to be captured, after suicide bombers attack soldiers in Somalia.
British firms Korean unit apologises over poison deaths: Most of the victims were found to have used Oxy Ssak Ssak, a liquid humidifier disinfectant sold by Reckitt Benckiser in South Korea from 2001, that has been blamed for around 103 deaths -- mostly women and children
Greenpeace publishes leaked TTIP documents #TTIPLeaks
The mosquito-borne Zika virus may be even more dangerous than previously thought, scientists in Brazil say.
China Is Reportedly Training a Maritime Militia to Patrol the Disputed South China Sea
No TTIP if agriculture is threatened: France
Turkish artillery, US drones kill 34 ISIS militants in northern Syria
India plans to spend $6 billion on creating new forests
Isis members can now be stripped of Australian citizenship
David Cameron has no intention of withdrawing his claim that Donald Trump was divisive, stupid and wrong to call for a ban on Muslims entering the US, Downing Street has said.
Kenya May End Forced Anal Exams of Suspected Gays
US spent $1.4B+ on abstinence programs in Africa over 12 yrs. Study finds programs failed.
Top Saudi cleric: Homosexuals should not be punished
Turkeys prime minister resigns amid high-level rifts and deepening crises
A Colombian sailor has been rescued after spending two harrowing months lost at sea, witnessing the deaths of his three shipmates and forced to eat seagulls for survival, U.S. Coast Guard Honolulu says.
Thousands of Tons of Dead Creatures Hit Chiles Beaches.Heaps of dead whales, salmon and sardines blamed on the El Nio freak weather phenomenon have clogged Chiles Pacific beaches in recent months.
Scientists uncover 71 million year old dinosaur fossils during Antarctic expedition
Royal Navy fires warning shot at Spanish patrol boat hassling US submarine near Gibraltar
Italy rules that stealing food not a crime if desperately hungry
UN official to Israel: You must criminalize torture
Most of Greek bailout money went to banks: study
A Sydney woman who mistakenly had $4.6 million transferred into her bank account has been arrested at Sydney International Airport while attempting to leave the country
Danny Healy-Rae labelled Irelands Sarah Palin after telling Dail climate change debate only God controls the weather
105 female students escape abduction in Nigeria
Brazil top court suspends parliament speaker Eduardo Cunha, who led impeachment drive against President Rousseff
IDF general in bombshell speech: Israel today shows signs of 1930s Germany - Israel News
Sisi says Western human rights values dont apply in Egypt
Muslims in Punjab, Pakistan funded the construction of a Catholic church
Bangladesh Islamist party leader to hang for war crimes
Germany gives go-ahead to relax rules on medical marijuana. Paraplegics and MS patients can heave a sigh of relief: doctors will soon be able to prescribe medical marijuana to relieve pain or symptoms. Berlin gave the go-ahead to relax rules on therapeutic cannabis use.
Mdecins sans Frontires to pull out of World Humanitarian Summit stating that the summit has become a fig-leaf allowing systematic violations, by states above all
Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkeys Prime Minister, Is Expected to Be Replaced
We need a revolt against the fossil fuel industry: Tesla chief says educating the public on climate issues is essential in countering oil and gas lobbys influence over big political decisions
Fort McMurray wildfire grows 8 times larger as battle continues
Pope Francis urges Europe to return to postwar principles: What has happened to you, the Europe of humanism, the champion of human rights, democracy and freedom?
Over 70% of Germans doubtful on EU-US TTIP pact. Merkel, meanwhile, reiterated her governments official position Wednesday, saying that she would do everything to conclude the negotiations, preferably by the end of 2016.
Fort McMurray fire now too large, too fierce to stop without rain
The targeting and killing of people with albinism in Malawi has a reached a crisis point after two more people were killed and their bodies mutilated, a leading acivist has said, just days after the UN said the community faced systematic extinction
German report: Bailout has saved banks, not Greece
35 tons of dead fish wash up in China lake
Oil prices surge above $45 amid Canadian wildfire
Turkish journalist Can Dndar escapes attempted shooting outside court
Plans for coal-fired power in Asia are disaster for planet warns World Bank | Experts have offered stark warnings that proposed power plants in India, China, Vietnam and Indonesia would blow Paris climate deal if they move ahead
Most of Greek bailout money went to banks - according to new study by the European School of Management and Technology
U.S. To Ship Peanuts To Feed Haitian Kids; Aid Groups Say This Is Wrong
Venezuela accuses US of conspiring to topple Nicolas Maduro
Dozens reported killed and wounded by air strike on Syrian refugee camp near Turkish border, activists say
Palmyra hosts Russian concert after recapture from ISIS
Blanket ban on psychoactive substances in England and Wales to begin on 26 May
Firefighting plane crashes in Northwest Alberta while combating the fires in Alberta
Bulgaria t return migrants to turkey from June 1 | Bulgaria has become the first EU member state to sign a protocol with Ankara to set in place procedures for sending illegal migrants back to Turkey starting from next month.
Haiti had Zika months before Brazils 2015 outbreak. A fever epidemic in 2014 in Haiti wasnt chikungunya but Zika. University of Florida scientists tested cultures from Haitian schoolchildren. Funding needed to determine impact of mosquito-borne Zika virus.
US sets deadline for Assads transition from power to August 1st
Saudi forces engage and kill suspected ISIS fighters near the holy city of Mecca.
Go your own way, Erdogan tells EU
Spain reports 1st case of Zika-linked microcephaly
Amazon and eBay hosting ads for banned invasive species - Unregulated traders are using the sites to sell some of the worlds most invasive plants, with potentially devastating impacts on ecosystems
Panama Papers include dozens of Americans tied to financial frauds
President Obama will visit Hiroshima later this month: The trip will mark the first visit by a U.S. president to the site since American forces dropped atomic bombs on that city and on Nagasaki at the end of World War II.
Knife attacker shouting Allahu akbar seriously injures four at Munich train station
Russia Builds a Tunnel to Save Endangered Amur Leopards, Tigers: The Narvinskii Pass tunnel allows the endangered big cats to avoid a deadly road as they move between Russia and China
China scrambles 2 fighter jets and 3 warships as U.S. sails warship near Chinese-claimed reef
UK Police apologise for making fake suicide bomber shout Allahu Akbar in Trafford Centre counter-terror exercise: Greater Manchester Police said it was unacceptable to use a phrase which so vocally linked the exercise with Islam
Our people planned 2008 Mumbai terrorist attacks: ex-chief of Pakistans intelligence service ISI
Scientists warn 21% of plants at risk of extinction
World Cup Winner, Rivaldo: I advise everyone with plans to visit Brazil for the Olympics in Rio  to stay home.
Trudeau turns down Russian, U.S., Mexican offers to help battle Fort McMurray wildfire
Rousseff impeachment vote annulled
Londons New Mayor: I Wont Be Able To Visit The U.S. If Donald Trump Wins: Ill be stopped from going there by virtue of my faith, Sadiq Khan said.
15yo discovers an hidden maya city by analyzing Mayan constellations
Christian refugees in Germany fear violence by other migrants, report says
Tens of thousands of protesters took to the Roman streets Saturday to protest against the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP). Holding signs that said Stop TTIP and Not capital, but people,
Self-harm the biggest killer of people in their early 20s in the UK
Mexican judge rules drug lord Joaquin El Chapo Guzman can be extradited to US
New Milestone: 95% of German electricity provided by renewables on Sunday at 11 AM
An unnamed former Facebook employee told Gizmodo that workers routinely suppressed news stories of interest to conservative readers, according to Gizmodo, while artificially adding other stories into the trending list.
Two Afghan terrorists arrested in Bari (Italy) were planning attacks in London, Rome and Bari
Looming catastrophe in South Africa as unemployment climbs to more than 26 per cent
A German court has rejected a bid by Turkeys president for an injunction against the head of one of Germanys biggest publishing houses in a standoff over a satirical poem.
Jean Chretien says criminal records for pot possession completely unacceptable
Rodrigo The Punisher Duterte claims victory in Philippines election | The pugnacious 71-year-old surged from outsider to the top of surveys with cuss-filled vows to kill tens of thousands of criminals
India Wants To Kick Its Dirty Coal Habit: The countrys power ministry plans to shut down aging coal-fired power plants with a combined capacity of 37 gigawatts of power
India has slashed prices of 54 essential medicines by up to 55%, including commonly used drugs for cancer, hypertension, diabetes and other heart disorders.
Rio Olympics could spark full blown global health disaster, say Harvard scientists
Brazils President Dilma Rousseff is to face trial after the Senate voted to impeach and suspend her.
Saudi officials were supporting 9/11 hijackers, commission member says
60% of Brazilian Senators Participating in Todays Impeachment Vote Have Pending Legal Cases Against Them, Watchdog Says.
Italy says yes to gay civil unions in historic vote, after a long and bitter debate that has pitted the Catholic Church against PM Renzi. Italy is the last major western European country to recognize civil unions for same sex couples.
MP recites explicit Erdogan bestiality poem on live TV
Venezuela Unleashes Tanks as 4 Killed, 1,200 Arrested
Almost 400 companies listed on the London Stock Exchange with a collective market capitalisation of 225bn are based in offshore havens connected to the UK. Research shows that 389 companies trading their shares in London are registered in British overseas territories or crown protectorates.
A federal judge has sharply rebuked the Pentagon for the process by which it concealed hundreds of Bush-era photos showing US military personnel torturing detainees in Iraq and Afghanistan, suggesting Barack Obama may have to release even more graphic imagery of abuse
Catholic Diocese in India Reinstates Priest Who Admitted Child Sex Abuse
US missile defense site goes live in Romania, angering Russia as NATO bolsters defenses
Plane Debris Confirmed As Being From MH370
US government suspends aid programs in Turkey
Lord of the Rings Volcano Has Become Active, Warns NZ
Tokyo Olympics: 1.3m payment to secret account raises questions over 2020 Games
Islamic State yearly oil revenue halved to $250 million: U.S. official
U.S. activates Romanian missile defense site, angering Russia
Brazil prepares to roll back green laws - Amidst the turmoil of the presidential impeachment process, members of Brazils Congress are set to dismantle environmental protection laws.
Suspects in the disappearance of 43 Mexican college students have claimed that they were tortured into making confessions, according to court documents obtained by the the U.S. international news agency Associated Press.
11 Tons of Bomb-Making Chemical Found Under Fruit Crates
U.S. cities on Mexican border prep for 3,000 Cubans
Middle East U.N. slams Turkey for alarming reports of human rights abuses
Londons Muslim mayor reaffirms plan for Israel trip
Brutal justice of the mob in Venezuela: Venezuelan Mugger is beaten to the floor and burned alive by lynch mob after stealing from people
Iran is arresting models who pose without headscarves on Instagram
April breaks global temperature record, marking seven months of new highs. 2016 will be hottest year on record
Erdoan pictured as Hitler on Turkish Embassy in Berlin
Venezuelan President decrees emergency, seizes factories
New move to impeach Tony Blair over Iraq War gains cross-party support
Divers Discover Spectacular Cargo of Ancient Shipwreck in Caesarea Harbor - Includes bronze statues &amp; 1000s of coins bearing the images of Roman emperors Constantine &amp; Licinius. 1,600 yr old wreck discovered by divers in ancient harbor of Caesarea.
Thousands of South African gold miners launch a multi-million-dollar class action lawsuit against mining companies over deadly lung diseases.
An online al Qaeda magazine is calling for jihadis to damage the US economy by killing business leaders and entrepreneurs, according to analysts.
Half of fish caught in New Zealand waters not in official records. Reconstructed marine catch totalled 38.1 million tonnes between 1950 and 2010, which is 2.7 times the 14 million tonnes reported to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO)
Former CIA agent admits involvment in Nelson Mandelas arrest
Police in Colombia seize more than 8 tons of cocaine in largest ever drug bust
Luxembourg prosecutors seek jail time for whistleblowers
India successfully test-fires indigenously developed supersonic interceptor missile
North Korea releases Russian yacht - detention was a misunderstanding North Korean officials said
Car fires turning into a Dutch plague, 100s torched in recent months
More pupils than expected in illegal schools across UK, mainly Islamic and Jewish, Ofsted reports.
Duterte vows to kill criminals and reintroduce hanging in Philippines - What I will do is urge Congress to restore (the) death penalty by hanging, Duterte, 71, told a press conference in Davao on Sunday. He also said he would give security forces shoot-to-kill orders against organised criminals
China waging war against ancient superstitions that convinced a man to steam his wife to death
Magnitude 5.6 / Shindo 5 earthquake shakes Ibaraki, Japan. No tsunami warning issued.
China cyber probes show electronic warfare focus, Pentagon says: Chinas military conducted cyber probes and intrusions against US networks to support intelligence collection and electronic warfare even as it continues an extraordinarily rapid expansion of long-range precision strike capabilities
Google (GOOGL.O) faces a record antitrust fine of around 3 billion euros ($3.4 billion) from the European Commission in the coming weeks, British newspaper The Sunday Telegraph said. The European Union has accused Google of promoting its shopping service in Internet searches
Al Qaeda Turns to Syria, With a Plan to Challenge ISIS
Scientists Seek To Bring Dead Brains Back To Life
Police are facing severe terror threat from IRA: Rank-and-file officers in Northern Ireland on a high state of alert with 52 bomb attacks over the past 12 months
Police sealed off a hotel in Ankara on Sunday, preventing dissidents in Turkeys nationalist opposition from holding a party congress that could jeopardize President Tayyip Erdogans plans for more power
LinkedIn just revealed that the 2012 breach that compromised the accounts of 6.5 million users actually hit more than 100 million users.
The Chinese government is fabricating almost 490m social media posts a year as part of a massive secretive operation designed to distract the public from criticising or questioning its rule, according to a study.
EgyptAir Flight 804: Wreckage found, airline official says
Morocco starts blocking access to Steam and other popular computer games
Humans damaging the environment faster than it can recover, UN finds - Radical action is needed to combat increasing rate of environmental damage to water sources, land, biodiversity &amp; marine life, report shows
Egypt military says finds EgyptAir plane debris 290 km from Alexandria
Jihadist website profiting from online advertising, including U.S. companies
NATO just added a new member: Montenegro
Auschwitz museum finds inmates gold ring, necklace in false-bottomed mug
Israeli defense minister quits, citing poor faith in Netanyahu
India records its hottest temperature ever: 123.8 degrees Fahrenheit (51 degrees Celsius)
Alberto Nisman, who investigated Argentinas worst terrorist attack before he was found dead in his home last year, may have been forced to kill himself, a prosecutor who was formerly in charge of his case has said.
Australian scientists achieve a 2050 solar efficiency benchmark 34 years early
Seychelles decriminalizes same-sex relationships
EgyptAir Flight 804: Greece official says debris not from plane, report
Russia sends 2,400 tons of food to North Korea
High pay for bosses hurting economy says senior Bank of England official
Erdogan has autocratic ambitions for Turkey: The Bundestag president has criticized the Turkish regimes push to strip legislators of parliamentary immunity. Turkeys president has autocratic ambitions.
China says more than 40 countries support its stance on South China Sea dispute
97 Women and children freed from Boko Haram by Nigerian armed forces. Two of the kidnapped girls from Chibok were among them.
China says its ready if US stirs up any conflict in South China Sea
An Attempt to Crack Down on Boycotting Israel in Canada Has Failed
Uber drivers accused of 32 rapes and sex attacks on London passengers over the past year: New statistics reveal one assault every 11 days last year by drivers on popular car-hire app
Bull spearing outlawed by Spanish regional government.
U.S. investigators leaning toward possibility of terrorist attack (EgyptAir flight)
Colombia has fired more than 1000 police officers in a massive crackdown on corruption
The average city dweller in Kenya pays 16 bribes a month
Sixteen of the worlds largest banks including JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co. and Citigroup Inc. must face antitrust lawsuits accusing them of hurting investors who bought securities tied to Libor by rigging an interest-rate benchmark, a ruling that an appeals court warned could devastate them
Cuba to legalize small and medium sized businesses
Japan: Employment rate at 97.3% for new University graduates - record high
Atheist academic calls for religion to be offended at every opportunity: Dawkins says its ridiculous to be accused of racism when you criticise Islam
Japan: Plan to make programming mandatory at schools a step to foster creativity
People of no religion outnumber Christians in England and Wales  study
Venezuelans on Tuesday woke up to discover that the government-controlled price of corn flour - used to make corn patty arepas, a staple of local cuisine - has risen by 900%. The Superintendent also said that the price of chicken would rise, up 13 times from 65 bolivares a kilo to 850 bolivares.
Brazil minister ousted after secret tape reveals plot to topple President Rousseff
Paris Google HQ raided in tax probe
Australian Premier makes official state apology to people convicted under unjust laws against homosexual acts
U.S. Embassy in Venezuela halts new visas because of overwhelming demand
Chinas Solar Prices Can Fall 38%, Become Competitive With Coal
Human remains retrieved from the crash site of EgyptAir flight 804 suggest there was an explosion on board that may have brought down the aircraft, an Egyptian forensics official has told Associated Press. The official, one of the Egyptian investigative team, examined the remains at a Cairo morgue.
Frequent flyer - Taliban most senior leader Mansour used to fly out of Pakistani airports to Iran and Dubai on Pakistani passport
Arctic sea ice melt like a train wreck says US scientist.Artic sea ice levels are on course to hit a new record low as warming at the North Pole accelerates.Temperatures in Alaska hit 11C above average this winter.
The controversial leader of Chechnya, Kremlin-backed Ramzan Kadyrov, has engaged John Oliver in an unlikely online spat, after the British comedian mocked the hardman leader for posting an online appeal about a lost cat.
India to invest $500 million in Iran port
Fracking approved in Northern England despite massive opposition
Rise of the robots: 60,000 workers culled from just one factory as Chinas struggling electronics hub turns to artificial intelligence. Kunshan, in Jiangsu province, undergoes makeover as 600 companies look to trim their headcount
Over 100 bodies dumped in a mass grave in Mexico
Barack Obama has said Washington supports Vietnams territorial claims against Beijing in the South China Sea and promised it greater access to security equipment.
Chinese and Russian warplanes have been increasingly aggressive intercepting U.S. military aircraft and patrolling near Americas West Coast, prompting the Air Forces top combat officer to label their provocations one of his top worries
Greek authorities began an operation at dawn Tuesday to gradually evacuate the countrys largest informal refugee camp of Idomeni on Macedonian border, blocking access to the area and sending in more than 400 riot police.
Adidas shoe manufacture returns to Germany, fully automated instead of relying on human labour in Asia
Tony Blair: Britain and US profoundly underestimated chaos brought about by toppling of Saddam Hussein | People | News
We Truly Believe They Kill Animals: Famous Sloth Sanctuary Is A Nightmare For Animals, Ex-Workers Say
Israel: Hamas stealing 95% of civilian cement transferred into Gaza
Poland starts logging primeval Bialowieza forest despite protests: More than 180,000 cubic metres of forest to be cut down in area that is home to Europes largest mammal and tallest trees
South Africa Just Lifted Its Ban on the Rhino Horn Trade
Sweden refuses to revoke Assange arrest warrant
Thousands of children working in Indonesias tobacco fields are being poisoned by handling the leaves of the toxic plant, an international investigation has found.
Grizzlies &amp; polar bears are now mating - I hate to say it, but from a genetic perspective, its quite likely grizzly bears will eat polar bears up, genetically. Warming Arctic allowing the 2 species to come into contact more often.
Citibank to pay $425 million over attempted benchmark manipulation
Sweden phases out fossil fuels in attempt to run completely off renewable energy: Swedens prime minister announced his country will work towards becoming one of the first fossil fuel-free welfare states of the world
British restaurant owner Mohammed Zaman has been jailed for 6 years for manslaughter due to customers allergic reaction to peanuts ending in death. Zamans conviction sets a precedent in the UK food industry.
Jeremy Corbyn is prepared to call for an investigation into Tony Blair for alleged war crimes during the Iraq War, according to reports.The war, launched by the US with strong UK backing, lead to the deaths of between 150,000 and 600,000 Iraqis over four years.
Found off Sardinian Coast: WW11 submarine with 71 bodies inside
Japan passes anti-hate speech law as Koreans targeted by racism
ISIS Destroys Russian and Syrian aircraft in attack on military base
14 Russian athletes failed Olympic doping retests
Bridgestone abandons Venezuela
Corporate Beer Overlords Will Soon Own 1 Out of 3 Beers Made on Earth - Budweisers owner eyes a major merger&amp; better access to markets in Africa &amp; South America.
A Brazilian Cabinet member was just caught on tape plotting to take down the president
ExxonMobil tried to censor climate scientists to Congress during Bush era - Exclusive: 2001 intervention adds to evidence that oil company was aware of the science and its implications for govt policy &amp; the energy industry
Pakistan condemns US drone strike that killed Taliban leader Mansoor
Palestinians reject Netanyahus direct talks proposal
Whether out of conviction or convenience, thousands of migrants in Europe are converting to Christianity
Dutch Police Use Eagles to Take Down Illegal Drones
Thailand has shut down 10 popular diving sites in a bid to slow a coral bleaching crisis, an official said Thursday, in a rare move to shun tourism profits to protect the environment
South Korea fires warning shots after boats from North cross sea border
Refugees at Nauru who are gay or attempt suicide can no longer be jailed and men are now outlawed from raping their wives after the island republic updated its antiquated criminal code.
All references to Australia have been removed from a United Nation report on climate change after the Australian Governments Environment Department expressed concerns it could cause confusion and negatively affect tourism.
The 51C heatwave thats melting India. The impact of the heat has been devastating, and increasingly fatal, particularly for the hundreds of people dying of starvation due to withering crops in their remote fields.
The Right to Disconnect: Weekend Work Emails Are Now Illegal In France
Sharia courts in UK face Government inquiry over treatment of women: Home Office to examine claims sharia courts  or councils  may be working in a discriminatory and unacceptable way
Australia scrubbed from UN climate change report after govt intervention - All mentions of Australia were removed from the final version of a Unesco report on climate change and world heritage sites after the Australian govt objected on the grounds it could impact on tourism
War on Fat: Chile Bans McDonalds Happy Meals and Kinder Eggs
New boa constrictor species discovered on remote Caribbean island - Silver snake, with distinctive metallic appearance, discovered in Bahamas &amp; confirmed as previously unknown species
71 years after the first atomic strike, Obama calls for the end of nuclear weapons at Hiroshima
A French company that was awarded the right to build Australias $50 billion submarine fleet is tied up in a deadly multi-million dollar bribery scandal.
Caught on camera: US Special Forces on ISIS frontline in Syria
Police hunt Brits who Hitler-saluted in concentration camp: Authorities in Germany are searching for two British men who took a picture of themselves performing a Nazi salute in a torture chamber in Buchenwald concentration camp.
The U.S. aviation lawyer who won compensation for victims of the 1988 Lockerbie aircraft bombing is now seeking $330 million from Russia for the downing of Malaysian Airlines MH17 in 2014
Indian women sold for 4,000 in Saudia Arabia and Bahrain, minister claims
Around 2.8 million people in three Central American countries need food aid after two consecutive years of severe drought decimated crops and exacerbated hunger among the poor.
Ukraine bans Gorbachev over support for Crimea annexation
Mars emerging from ice age that ended around 370,000 years ago, scientists say | Science | News
Photos have emerged of American special operations troops in Syria wearing uniform insignia affiliated with a Kurdish rebel group known as the YPG, whose connection to Turkish terrorists could could fuel tension between the U.S. and a key ally in the Islamic State fight.
Stonehenge, Easter Island, Venice: Climate Change Will Destroy Human History | An international team of scientists, anthropologists, and economists have identified 31 cultural and natural UNESCO World Heritage sites across 29 countries that are directly threatened by climate change.
Chinese News Media Censors Taiwans Flag
An ancient Polish forest is coming down - Poland says a portion of the Bialowieza forest must be logged to curb a bark beetle outbreak but environmentalists disagree.
Last Soviet leader Gorbachev banned from Ukraine
Riot police crack down on Paris protests against labour reforms: Thousands of protesters turn out on streets of French capital as refineries and nuclear power stations across the country come to a halt
Forty tiger cub bodies have been found in a freezer at a Thai Buddhist temple accused of wildlife trafficking and animal abuse.
Forced contact with Amazon people would be genocide, tribe warns: Survival International says other tribes, who have themselves experienced the dangers of first contact, are protecting uncontacted groups against the plans of some anthropologists in another country
Sweden: Fewer than 500 of 163,000 asylum seekers found jobs
Philippine president-elect says corrupt journalists will be killed: Just because youre a journalist you are not exempted from assassination, if youre a son of a bitch.
Cars registered before 1997 will be banned in Paris as of July 1st.
North Korea praises Trump and urges US voters to reject dull Hillary
Walmart, Gap, H&amp;M Called Out for Global Worker Exploitation and Abuse: Reports find tens of thousands of laborers in Bangladesh are still making garments in buildings without proper fire exits, while pregnant workers in Indonesia and India face discrimination and wage theft.
The families of those killed during the 1989 Tiananmen crackdown have accused Beijing of subjecting them to nearly three decades of white terror in a bid to stop them speaking out about the massacre.
Anti-vaccination protesters shut down Australian immunisation seminar, call doctors liars
Worlds longest and deepest rail tunnel to open in Switzerland, after almost two decades of construction work. It runs 35 miles (57 kilometers) and connects northern and southern Europe by passing under the Swiss Alps. Switzerland says it will revolutionize European freight transport.
Dozens in Russia Imprisoned for Social Media Likes, Reposts
Erdogan threatens Merkel and German parliament to not recognize the Armenian Genocide by Turkey
Almost all of Israels 32 women in parliament have been sexually harassed or assaulted
Black Box From Crashed EgyptAir Jet Found
Saudi Arabia on course to execute more than 100 people.
Angela Merkel strikes deal with German states to put brakes on green energy. Pact addresses concerns that burgeoning output from renewables is putting strain on electricity grid and pushing up prices
Residents challenge council on sale of 40 billion litres of aquifer water.The battle over just who owns our water is being fought across the country. Water ownership is also an in issue in Hawkes Bay. Regional councillor Peter Beaven says everyone should own the precious resource.
Twitter suspends @DarthPutinKGB account mocking Vladimir Putin: A number of accounts spoofing Russia and its leaders have been banned from the social media site.
More than 45 million people are living in modern slavery, with Asia accounting for two thirds of the victims, a new report says. About 3,000 children from Vietnam alone are thought to be working in British cannabis farms and nail bars.
Developing world invests more in renewable energy than rich countries for first time, new study says
The new president of the Philippines says many slain journalists deserved it
Israel on Wednesday freed a Jewish extremist detained 10 months ago following an arson attack in which a Palestinian toddler was burned to death.
David Camerons former advisor admits downloading images of girls as young as 10 - but denies theyre indecent
BBC News: Renewable energy surges to record levels around the world
Former Miss Turkey given prison sentence for insulting president Erdogan on Instagram
Germany recognizes the Armenian Genocide
Media Is Ignoring The Most Important Part Of Stephen Hawkings Comments On Trump: Hawking said he didnt believe Trump was the greatest threat facing America, or even the world. The greatest threat is human-caused climate change.
Germanys second largest supermarket chain, Rewe, will stop using plastic bags. This will save Germany from 140 million plastic bags landing in the garbage every year.
Elon Musk says he plans to send rocket to Mars by 2018, manned mission to planet by 2024 .
Isis terror plot in Germany: Four Syrian men arrested for allegedly planning suicide bombings in Dsseldorf
Ignoring Turkey, U.S. backs Kurds in drive against ISIS in Syria
Jeremy Corbyn promises to try and kill TTIP
Foreign-connected PACs spent $10 million on the US election so far: It isnt only American companies and unions that spend money on the US election, subsidiaries of European firms also make themselves heard. The biggest spenders so far are a Swiss bank and a British defense company
Brazils government has sprung a leak, and a flood of secrets is gushing out
British Special forces play Bollywood music to annoy ISIS
The colorless coral corpses of north Queensland will soon be blanketed with mats of algae, and the hard skeletons will begin to crumble. It may take decades for the submerged wonders of what had recently been unspoiled reefs to resprout and recover from the wipeout, if they ever do.
20-year-old sentenced to 5 years in prison for plotting a terror attack on Swedish soil.
Universal cancer vaccine breakthrough claimed by scientists
Big Pharma and governments are turning a blind eye to corruption, report claims: Transparency International says corruption is making a few rich and wrecking the health of some of the worlds poorest people
Scottish parliament votes narrowly in favour of ban on fracking
Turkey recalls Germany ambassador after genocide vote
India rises past the US to become the internets second biggest user
Police Crack Down on Poor Venezuelans Protesting Food Shortages
Military kills five Boko Haram terrorists, rescues 248 hostages
Chinas foreign minister berates Canadian journalist, calls question on human rights irresponsible
Italian man suffers brain damage and now speaks and reads French
Environmentalists plan fierce battle against Bayer-Monsanto merger Critics fear the takeover of Monsanto by Bayer would create a GMO juggernaut too powerful for Europe to resist, while conveniently disappearing a tarnished brand. Concerns abound over concentration in the seed market.
Study says long-term pot use causes poor gum health  but not much else
Saudi scholar issues fatwa against stealing your neighbours Wi-Fi
Twitter Unblocks Putin Parody Account After Free Speech Outcry: @DarthPutinKGB celebrated his return to Twitter
Nearly 60% of Qatar population live in labour camps
UK pedophile Richard Huckle given 22 life sentences for serial sex abuse in Malaysia
Neo Nazi who planned to kill Muslims and Jews in Euro 2016 terror attacks arrested by Special Forces, had massive arsenal of explosives and rifles
Death threats sent to German MPs amid Erdogan anger at Armenia genocide vote - Turkish president says MPs who backed motion to recognise slaughter of 1.5 million Armenians are terrorists with impure blood
Erdogan: A woman who rejects motherhood is deficient andincomplete, urging women to haveat least three children
Arctic sea ice to disappear for first time in 100,000 years
U.S. Navy bans 18,600 sailors from drinking in Japan.
ISIS publicly burns alive 19 Kurdish women for rejecting sex slavery
ISIS extremists burn 19 Yezidi girls to death in Mosul: They were punished for refusing to have sex with ISIS militants.
Hours before the Federal Reserve Bank of New York approved four fraudulent requests to send $81 million from a Bangladesh Bank account to cyber thieves, the Fed branch blocked those same requests because they lacked information required to transfer money
China restricts Ramadan fasting in Muslim region: Govt websites
Scientists grow human organs for transplant inside pigs
In Honduras, a kidnapped gay rights activist has been found dead
Stonehenge was dismantled in Wales and moved to Wiltshire, scientists claim | The Welsh connection isnt just about stones its likely to be a long term movement from west to east at this particular time, says archaelogist Mike Parker Pearson
UK | Christian fundamentalist schools are teaching girls they must obey men. Former pupils reveal that homosexuality is being taught as unnatural, while Creationism is favoured over evolution in science lessons.
Critically endangered Rhino who was given the royal seal of approval before being released back into the wild in Africa from UK has given birth to a healthy baby calf.
Jaguar Land Rover sues Chinese automobile company for copying Evoque
Anxiety disorders need more research, says global study
Panama Papers Show How Rich United States Clients Hid Millions Abroad
Brexit Wont end european project- European parliament Vice-Chief
Taiwan says wont recognize Chinese air defense zone over South China Sea
South China Sea dispute: China is trading aid for support for claims
Five Jordanian officers killed in attack at Baqaa camp near Amman
Bangladesh Minister suggests Israeli behind spate of killings of secular bloggers and minorities in Bangladesh
German right-wing leader blasts dictator Merkel: A German right-wing populist politician has attacked Chancellor Angela Merkel as a dictator who is trying to replace the German people with migrants, a Sunday newspaper reported.
Five Men in India Have Been Convicted for the Gang Rape of a Danish Tourist
A biologist has accidentally discovered that electric eels can make leaping attacks that dramatically increase the strength of the electric shocks they deliver and, in so doing, has confirmed a 200-year-old observation by famous 19th century explorer and naturalist Alexander von Humboldt.
US returns over 200 artifacts worth more than $100 million to India ; Included in the collection is a bronze sculpture of the Hindu god Ganesh estimated to be 1,000-year-old
Ramadan: The Chinese government has banned civil servants, students and children from taking part in fasting.
For The First Time In India, Male Students Can Now File Sexual Harassment Complaints Against Women, Men And Transgenders
Earliest evidence of controlled fire making in Europe found - Charred bone, heat-rippled stone in Spanish cave date back 800,000 yrs. Cave has 2,300 heated or charred bones. Fossils of extinct animals also found with the tools. Some argue the the tools are some 600,000 yrs old.
Indias space agency (ISRO) creates biggest ever space coalition, over 60 space agencies involved including NASA, to establish an international system to centralise data to fight climate change.
Explosion rocks Istanbul district near bus stop
30 Fukushima kids diagnosed with thyroid cancer in second check, upping total to 131 but radiation unlikely cause
Hindu priest shot, hacked to death in Bangladesh
Israeli cabinet set to vote on decriminalizing cannabis within a week
Alarming rise in ransomware tracked
Doctor-assisted dying about to become legal in Canada
Recall of Monsantos Roundup likely as EU refuses limited use of glyphosate
Stephen Hawkings finally published a solution to the black hole information paradox
NATO allies launch largest Military exercise since end of Cold war in clear message to Russia
Hagia Sophia: Protests over Ramadan prayers held at Turkeys historic cathedral
Christian fundamentalist schools teaching girls they must obey men, that homosexuality is unnatural and favouring Creationism over evolution - BelfastTelegraph.co.uk
Israel finds artifacts hidden in Norwegian diplomatic car
Open-air toilet: Police clear out migrant shantytown in Paris after locals complaints
X-Rays Reveal Hidden Library on the Spines of Early Books - The words of the 8th-century St Bede are among those being found by detecting iron, copper &amp; zinc, contents of medieval ink, without damaging the printed books.
Free Wi-Fi coming all over Ho Chi Minh city
Documents reveal feds effort to discredit Snowden, reveal CIA ties
UN asks governments for 2050 plans to phase out coal, oil and gas
Zimbabwe: Thousands March Against Mugabe
UN Removes Saudi Arabia From Human Rights Blacklist After Just A Week, Faces Backlash - Rights groups accuse UN of flip-flopping &amp; giving into political manipulation.
Journalists Are Backing Out of the Olympics Over Zika
A United Nations whistleblower who was suspended for exposing the sexual abuse of children by peacekeepers has resigned over the organisations failure to hold senior officials to account.
Long jump champion freezes sperm ahead of Olympics as Zika fears swirl
Despite Moral Angst About Inequality, Worlds Richest Just Keep Getting Richer: Unless companies rein in executive salaries, pay their fair share of taxes, and invest in decent jobs the yawning gap between the haves and have-nots will continue to grow
Worlds wealthiest people just got 5.2% wealthier | Business
Denmark strips man of citizenship after terrorism conviction
China Approves $15 Billion of Green Debt in Pollution Fight
German and Swiss authorities have carried out raids seizing documents after learning a German private detective had investigated the MH17 air disaster.
North Korea restarts plutonium production for nuclear bombs - U.S. official
Saudi Arabia Threatened to Break Relations With U.N. Over Human Rights Criticism in Yemen: Riyadh warned Turtle Bay it would pull hundreds of millions of dollars from U.N. programs if it was singled out for killing and maiming children in Yemen
The list of the rich and powerful attending this years Bilderberg Conference has been released - it includes bankers, prime ministers and former heads of the CIA and MI6.
Israel honors Japans Schindler who saved thousands of Jews in WWII
Around 35 percent of Russians believe the government poses no threat to free speech and does not infringe on the activities of the independent media.87 percent of respondents said they never access news information from foreign sources.
Kenya nationwide blackout caused by rogue monkey
Migrants linked to 69,000 would-be or actual crimes in Germany in first three months of 2016: police
Thailand eliminates mother-to-child HIV transmission
Erdoans draconian new law demolishes Turkeys EU ambitions
Asylum seekers ages a guessing game for case workers - An internal report from the Migration Agency has found widespread uncertainty among staff when it comes to determining the age of refugees, who often arrive in Sweden without identification.
Federal government orders Canada Post to stop delivering Toronto newspaper, calling it hate propaganda
Time to make India Muslim-free: Sadhvi Prachi
UK bankers increased lobbying efforts in 2016, spending over $38 Million a year to influence EU lawmakers: Report
Israeli Air Force attacked Syrian weapons facility over weekend
Russia deploys troops westward as standoff with NATO deepens: building an army base near its border with Ukraine, the latest in a chain of new military sites along what the Kremlin sees as its frontline in a growing confrontation with NATO
British police accused of helping to train Saudi torturers | Home News | News
Decriminalisation Call As War On Drugs Fails. Top public health experts say illicit drug use should be treated as a health issue rather than punishing those who need treatment.
Germany to end unofficial tolerance of polygamy: No one who comes to us has the right to put their cultural roots, or their religious beliefs, above our laws, says justice minister
Killing of non-Muslims and minority groups forbidden in Islam.Bangladeshi clerics have issued a fatwa against the killings of minorities and secular campaigners in the mainly Muslim country, where police have arrested over 10,000 people in a crackdown on militancy.
Once Islamic State is defeated, Iraq should be divided into three separate entities to prevent further sectarian bloodshed, with a state each given to Shiite Muslims, Sunnis and Kurds, a top Kurdish official said on Thursday.
LEGO donates 600 million DKK (90.7 million USD) to new childrens hospital in Copenhagen
Physicists have detected ripples in the fabric of spacetime that were set in motion by the collision of two black holes far across the universe more than a billion years ago. The event marks only the second time that scientists have spotted gravitational waves
Obama meets Dalai Lama in spite of China protest
A chilling call: Police to contact 151 Canadians on ISIS kill list
BBC News: EgyptAir wreckage found in Mediterranean
Norway Kills More Whales than Japan and Iceland Combined, Report Finds.
India aims for a record by launching 22 satellites on a single rocket
The World Has Gotten More Peaceful, Except the Middle East
Catholic orders take their lead from the pope and divest from fossil fuels: Four Australian Catholic orders are jointly and publicly divesting from coal, oil and gas: We believe the Gospel asks no less of us
Undercover police officer recorded Muslim extremists calling for gay people to be thrown from a building during secret ISIS support meetings in back garden
El Chapo prison guard killed; Mexico deploys 300 troops to guard prison
Employee of Panama Papers Law Firm, Mossack Fonseca, Is Arrested in Switzerland
$40 billion aid to Israel is largest ever to any country, says Susan Rice
Lam Wing-kee, bookseller who went missing for nearly eight months and only returned to Hong Kong from the mainland this week, described on Thursday his harrowing detention at a border crossing and sustained efforts by authorities there to extract information from him.
Poliovirus detected in water sample in India, state declares global emergency
One in four deaths of young men aged from 15 to 39 in Ireland is due to alcohol and drink is a factor in half of all suicides.Alcohol is also involved in more than one third of cases of deliberate self-harm, peaking around weekends and public holidays.
Prince William Becomes First Royal to Pose for LGBT Magazine - Speaking out on homophobic bullying
LIGO Has Detected Gravitational Waves for the Second Time
Walmart Canada says it would stop accepting visa cards because of unacceptably high fees. Visa accuses Walmart of using customers as Pawns in battle over fees.
$28 bln invested in cluster weapon producers in 4 years - Report finds 158 financial institutions involved in funding production of weapons, despite intl law banning cluster bombs
A Kenyan High Court has dismissed a case challenging the legality of anal tests as proof of homosexuality
A staggering 87 percent of Venezuelans say they do not have money to buy enough food
Two corporate whistleblowers may enter into plea bargain deal that would tie 30% of Brazilian lawmakers to corruption cases.
Poland, together with Russia, Iran, and several Gulf states successfully removed decriminalization of homosexuality from UN resolution.
Three environmental activists were killed per week last year, murdered defending land rights and the environment from mining, dam projects and logging
Ontario funeral business dissolves the dead, pours them into town sewers
New Declassified Documents Reveal How CIA Abused, Tortured Prisoners [Graphic]
Tens of thousands of people gathered in sweltering heat on Japans Okinawa island on Sunday in one of the biggest demonstrations in two decades against U.S. military bases, following the arrest of an American suspected of murdering a local woman.
Japans dementia crisis hits record levels as thousands go missing. National Police Agency reports more than 12,000 patients going missing in 2015, with hundreds of those later found dead
Icelands Hekla volcano, a very popular tourist destination, now ready to blow
Corbyn pledges to kill TTIP if elected
Venezuelans Ransack Stores as Hunger Grips the Nation - 4-year-old girl was shot to death as street gangs fought over food.
Rome elects first female mayor
Saudi Arabia and Kuwait angry about Hillary Clintons claims that they fund terrorism: The two embassies in Canberra, Australia denounced the presidential candidates remarks and said they also suffer from terrorism
Professor Dismissed for Insulting Turkeys President
Russian soldier dies in Syria after preventing car bomb attack on aid distribution point
Three dead, 45 injured as labor union clashes with police in Mexico
Indonesia vows to stand firm after skirmishes with Chinese ships.China claims most of the South China Sea, through which $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year. The Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan and Brunei have overlapping claims.
A study of ocean plankton has shown that an increase in the water temperature of the worlds oceans of around 6C (10.8F)  which some scientists predict could occur as soon as 2100  could stop oxygen production by phytoplankton by disrupting the process of photosynthesis.
Australia taxes foreign home buyers as affordability bites - Sydney is imposing new taxes on foreigners buying homes as concerns grow that a flood of mostly Chinese investors is crowding out locals and killing the Great Australian Dream of owning property
Paris isnt happy about Amazons one-hour delivery service
Australian man pleads guilty to making sexual threats on social media, in a landmark victory for opponents of online harassment. When her friends defended her online, Alchin wrote more than fifty posts, including rape threats, and saying that women should never have been given rights 
Trudeau condemns killing of 14 Canadian Embassy security guards in Kabul
Vladimir Putin is considering selling part of Russias corporate crown jewels to China and India as the president struggles to meet spending commitments before his possible re-election bid in less than two years
An elephant has survived being shot in the head by suspected poachers in Zimbabwe. It was found by vets in Mana Pools national park and is believed to have had the bullet lodged in its head for up to six weeks.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange marks 5 years holed up in Ecuadorean embassy
An Australian athlete who has competed in six Paralympic Games has been robbed at gunpoint in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. Liesl Tesch said a man brandishing a gun pushed her off her bicycle and stole it on Sunday.
Russian state television accidentally broadcasts evidence that Moscow uses cluster bombs in Syria
In 2015, 50 environmentalists were killed in Brazil  more than a quarter of those killed worldwide  and last year marked deadliest year for environmental activists, with 185 total murders across world. Out of the 10 deadliest countries in world for environmentalist, seven were in Latin America.
Chinas plan to cut meat consumption by 50% cheered by climate campaigners: New dietary guidelines could reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 1bn tonnes by 2030, and could lessen countrys problems with obesity and diabetes
Coral bleaching event now biggest in history  and about to get worse: Coral in every major reef region has already experienced severe bleaching. About 93% of the reefs on Australias Great Barrier Reef have been affected, and almost a quarter of the reef on the 2,300km stretch is now dead.
Super-rich quaff champagne in Venezuela country club while middle classes scavenge for food
Hong Kong bookseller refuses to be silenced after harsh detention in China
Chinese prosecutors have successfully sued a county environmental agency for inadequately punishing a sewage firm that produced dye without appropriate safeguards  the first such public interest case against a government department.
A London-based advocacy group says it has documented the killings of 185 environmental activists in 16 countries last year, nearly 60 percent more than in 2014.
Erdogan loses appeal against German media boss
Chinese supercomputer is the worlds fastest  and without using US chips
7-Eleven operator handed record penalty of more than $400,000 for systematically exploiting staff
A Honduran military unit trained by US was ordered to kill environmental activist who was slain in March
African Union plans to introduce single passport to create EU-style continent without borders
More refugees became citizens of Canada than any other country last year, UN says
Turkey charges Reporters Without Borders press freedom representative with terrorist propaganda
Brussels: Bomb alert at shopping centre sparks anti-terror operation | Europe | News
Australian Paralympian Liesl Tesch robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro
China issues orders to demolish Buddhist towns (religious communities) with intensive instruction for leaders and members of religious orders. Only a tiny fraction of the existing communities will be allowed to remain at each site.
Gazans squeezed by triple taxes as Hamas replaces lost income
US and Russian fighters in dramatic showdown over Syria: American pilots scramble to confront Putins jets as they bomb Pentagon-backed Syrian rebels
Rising Tide of Politically Acceptable Killings Spells Danger for Environmentalists Worldwide: More than three people were slain each week in 2015 for protecting the land, forests, and rivers, a new report reveals
Mexico teachers protest: Six people are dead and more than 100 are injured following a weekend of violence between members of a teachers union and police in southern Mexico.
Canada is set to launch a paid whistleblower program.
Russian football fan leader Alexander Shprygin has been detained in France, two days after being expelled from the country, French officials say.
Today The United Kingdom decides whether to remain in the European Union, or leave
E-cigarettes should not be banned in public, medical experts warn: A ban on using e-cigarettes in public places could be damaging, as it may put off smokers from using e-cigarettes to help them quit, says Rosanna OConnor from Public Health England
Report: China is still harvesting organs from prisoners
Man opens fire at cinema complex in Germany, several people wounded  report
Erdoan: Europe, you dont want us because were Muslim
Asian millionaires now control more wealth than those in North America, Europe and other regions
A Japanese porn industry association has apologised and promised reform, amid allegations women are being forced to perform sex acts on film.
University students are being warned when classes contains graphic or sensitive content, including sexual abuse, rape and transgenderism, to protect their mental health. Australian academics are issuing so-called trigger warnings for confronting material in classrooms.
Afghan interpreters betrayed by UK and US
Contagious cancer cells are spreading between different animals and even different species in the sea, according to new research which raises the prospect of the disease becoming infectious in humans.
51 Killed in China by Powerful Tornado
Teacher Killings Ignite Calls for Revolution in Mexico: Police crackdown on rural educator protest spurs wide rebuke of government privatization and repression
Solar plane lands in Spain after three-day Atlantic crossing
Brexit supporters urged to take own pens to polling station amid fears of MI5 conspiracy
Cities forge worlds largest alliance to curb climate change | More than 7,100 cities in 119 countries formed the Global Covenant of Mayors for Climate and Energy, a network for helping exchange information on such goals as developing clean energy, organizers said.
Colombia, FARC announce full ceasefire, last day of the war
Gunmen kill Sufi devotional singer Amjad Sabri in Pakistan, Pakistani Taliban claim responsibility
India launches 20 satellites in single mission
F-16s to be manufactured soon in an assembly line in India
Australias gun laws stopped mass shootings and reduced homicides, study finds.
French cement company in Syria buys oil from ISIS  Documents
Pope to visit Armenia after irking Turkey with genocide label
Merkel says NATO must be strengthened
China cracks down on online comments, click-bait stories, foreign TV content as Xi reshapes media landscape
The prime minister of India is set to get a brand new Air India One aircraft, will be more advanced than Air Force One.
2,500 Scientists To Australia: If You Want To Save The Great Barrier Reef, Stop Supporting Coal
The personal details of 112,000 French police officers have been uploaded to Google Drive in a security breach just a fortnight after two officers were murdered at their home by a jihadist.
S&amp;P cuts United Kingdom sovereign credit rating to AA from AAA
Huge helium deposit found in Africa
CEO of the South African state broadcaster quits shortly after negative news about president is banned.
Brexit cost investors $2 trillion, the worst one day drop ever
Hong Kong democracy activists call for return to British rule as first step to independence
Brexit: Iceland president says UK can join triangle of non-EU countries
UKs Osborne: Absolutely going to have to cut spending, raise taxes
Do not let Scotland down now : Scottish MEP Alyn Smith has urged members of the European Parliament to stand by his country following the UK referendum on EU membership.
British pound could hit history-making dollar parity by end of 2016
Merkel vows to strengthen EU, tells UK no cherry-picking
Ryanair will not deploy new aircraft on routes to and from the UK [United Kingdom] next year [2017], following the Brexit vote, and will instead focus on the European Union [EU].
People, ever more greedy and stupid, destroy the world - Stephen Hawking to Larry King
Siemens freezes new UK wind power investment following Brexit vote
US, Canada and Mexico pledge 50% of power from clean energy by 2025
There is increasing evidence that Australia is torturing refugees, medical experts claim
Richard Branson, the founder of Virgin Group, said Tuesday that the company has lost about a third of its value since the U.K. voted to leave the European Union last week.
37,000-yr-old skull from Borneo reveals surprise for scientists - Study of the Deep Skull - oldest modern human discovered in SE Asia - reveals this ancient person was not related to Indigenous Australians, as originally thought. Our discovery is a game changer.
Palestinians stone Western Wall worshipers; police shut Temple Mount to non-Muslims
Jean-Claude Juncker asks Farage: Why are you here?
Romanians for Remainians offering a new home to the 48% of Britons who voted to stay in the EU | Bucharest newspapers app connects loving Romanian families with needy Brits, allowing people to offer to help would-be immigrants apply for a Romanian ID
Brexit: Gibraltar in talks with Scotland to stay in EU
8 Suicide Bombers Strike Lebanon
Mexicos security forces routinely use sexual torture against women: Rights group Amnesty International has compiled testimonies of sexual violence used as torture by Mexican security forces. Despite thousands of complaints, only 15 probes have led to criminal convictions since 1991.
Explosion At Airport In Istanbul
Yemeni former president: Terrorism is the offspring of Wahhabism of Al Saud regime
UK must accept freedom of movement to access EU Market
Devastated: scientists too late to captive breed mammal lost to climate change - Australian conservationists spent 5 months obtaining permissions &amp; planning for a captive breeding program. But when they arrived on the rodents tiny island, they they were too late.
British Labor Party leader Jeremy Corbyn loses a no-confidence vote but refuses to resign
A Muslim Shop in the UK Was Just Firebombed While People Were Inside
Mexican Authorities Sexually Torture Women in Prison
UK shares and pound continue to recover
Iceland historian Johannesson wins presidential election
99-Million-Yr-Old Bird Wings Found Encased in Amber - Finding things trapped in amber is far from rare. But when researchers in Burma found a pair of tiny bird-like wings frozen inside, they knew they had something special.
A chatbot programmed by a British teenager has successfully challenged 160,000 parking tickets since its launch last year.
The Philippine president-elect said Monday he would aggressively promote artificial birth control in the country even at the risk of getting in a fight with the dominant Catholic church, which staunchly opposes the use of contraceptives.
Former Belgian Prime Minister ridicules Nigel Farage and accuses Ukip leader of lying in EU referendum campaign
Brexiteer Nigel Farage To EU: Youre Not Laughing Now, Are You?
Islamic State bombings in southern Yemen kill 38 people
Escape Tunnel, Dug by Hand, Is Found at Holocaust Massacre Site
The land under Beijing is sinking by as much as four inches per year because of the overconsumption of groundwater, according to new research.
Car bomb and Anti-Islamic attack on Mosque in Perth, Australia
Emaciated lions in Taiz Zoo are trapped in blood-soaked cages and left to starve for months due to the Yemeni civil war
Rupert Murdoch describes Brexit as wonderful. The media mogul likened leaving the EU to a prison break and shared his view of Donald Trump as a very able man.
More than 40 killed in Yemen suicide attacks
Google Found Disastrous Symantec and Norton Vulnerabilities That Are As Bad As It Gets
Extremist violence on the rise in Germany: Domestic intelligence agency says far-right, far-left and Islamist radical groups gaining membership in country
BBC News: Labour MPs pass Corbyn no-confidence motion
Tiny New Zealand town with too many jobs launches drive to recruit outsiders
Jamaica proposes marijuana dispensers for tourists at airports following legalisation: The kiosks and desks would give people a license to purchase up to 2 ounces of the drug to use during their stay
Stephen Hawking says pollution and stupidity still biggest threats to mankind: we have certainly not become less greedy or less stupid in our treatment of the environment over the past decade
Boris Johnson says he will not run for Tory party leadership
Six gay men in Ivory Coast were abused and forced to flee their homes after they were pictured signing a condolence book for victims of the recent attack on a gay nightclub in Florida
Switzerland denies citizenship to Muslim immigrant girls who refused to swim with boys: report
Palestinian terrorist stabs israeli teen girl to death in her bedroom
Puerto Rico will default on $1 billion of debt on Friday
Republic of Ireland fans to be awarded medal for sportsmanship by Paris mayor.
Afghan suicide bomber kills up to 40 - BBC News
US airstrikes kill at least 250 ISIS fighters in convoy outside Fallujah, official says
Turkish Cop Who Took Down Istanbul Gunman Hailed a Hero
Cannabis compounds could treat Alzheimers by removing plaque-forming proteins from brain cells, research suggests
Japans top court has approved blanket surveillance of the countrys Muslims: They made us terrorist suspects, we never did anything wrong, says Japanese Muslim, Mohammed Fujita
CIA Gave Romania Millions to Host Secret Prisons
Groups urge U.N. to suspend Saudi Arabia from rights council
Googles free wifi at Indian railway stations is better than most of the countrys paid services
Mounting evidence suggests hobbits were wiped out by modern humans ancestors 50,000 years ago.
The men who carried out Tuesdays terror attack at Istanbuls Ataturk Airport were from Russia, Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan, a Turkish offical said.
Calls to suspend Saudi Arabia from UN Human Rights Council because of military aggresion in Yemen
More Than 100 Nobel Laureates Call Out Greenpeace For Anti-GMO Obstruction In Developing World
British pedophile sentenced to 85 years in US for trafficking child abuse images: Domminich Shaw, a kingpin of sexual violence against children, sent dozens of images online and discussed plans to assault and kill a child while on probation
US permitted 1,200 offshore fracks in Gulf of Mexico between 2010 and 2014 and allowed 72 billion gallons of chemical discharge in 2014.
We will be swimming in ridicule - French beach police to carry guns while in swimming trunks: Police lifeguards on Frances busiest beaches will carry guns and bullet-proof vests for the first time this summer amid fears that terrorists could target holidaymakers.
UEFA says no minutes of silence for Istanbul victims at Euro 2016 because Turkey have already been eliminated
Law Enforcement Sources: Gun Used in Paris Terrorist Attacks Came from Phoenix
A 117-year-old woman in Mexico City finally received her birth certificate, and died a few hours later. Trinidad Alvarez Lira had waited years for proof that she had been born in 1898.
IMF chief backs Athens as permanent Olympic host
The president of France says if Brexit won, so can Donald Trump
British Man Who Must Give Police 24 Hours Notice of Sex Threatens Hunger Strike: The man is the subject of a sexual risk order despite having never been convicted of a crime.
100+ Nobel laureates urge Greenpeace to stop opposing GMOs
Brazil: Huge spike in number of police killings in Rio ahead of Olympics
Austrias highest court annuls presidential election narrowly lost by right-wing candidate.
Facebook wins privacy case, can track any Belgian it wants: Doesnt matter if Internet users are logged into Facebook or not
Switzerland denies Muslim girls citizenship after they refuse to swim with boys at school: The 12- and 14-year-old will no longer be considered for naturalised citizenship because they have not complied with the school curriculum, authorities in Basel said
China kills millions of innocent meditators for their organs, report finds
France Cracks Down on Factory Farms - A viral video campaign has moved the govt to act. In footage shared widely online, animals writhe in pain as they bleed to death or are dismembered, in violation of rules requiring they be rendered unconscious before slaughter.
Abbas PLO Faction Calls Killer of 13-Year-Old American-Israeli Girl a Martyr
Taiwanese warship accidentally fires missile towards China
Iran celebrates American Human Rights Week, mocks U.S. rights record
U.N. panel moves to curb bias against L.G.B.T. people despite fierce resistance from Muslim and African countries.
The United States has placed Myanmar, Uzbekistan, Sudan and Haiti on its list of worst human trafficking offenders.
S&amp;P revises European Union credit rating to AA from AA+
India gets $1 billion loan from World Bank for solar mission
U.S. sailors detained by Iran spoke too much under interrogation: Navy
Mass fish kill in Vietnam solved as Taiwan steelmaker accepts responsibility for pollution
Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte urges people to kill drug addicts | Duterte, 71, won power in a landslide after a campaign dominated by threats to kill tens of thousands in a war on crime
Spain arrests three Pakistanis accused of promoting militancy
Venezuela, where anger over food shortages is still mounting, continued to be roiled this week by angry protests and break-ins of grocery stores and businesses that have left five dead, at least 30 injured and 200 arrested, according to various news reports.
A Hindu temple worker has been killed by three men on a motorcycle, local police have said. More than 40 people have been killed in attacks blamed on Islamist militants in Bangladesh since February 2013, including secular bloggers, academics, gay rights activists and members of religious minorities.
Ozone layer hole seems to be healing - US &amp; UK team shows its shrunk &amp; may slowly recover. If you had to have an ozone hole anywhere in the world, itd be Antarctica because its not teeming with life. It showed us if we didnt back off with these chemicals, wed have a crisis.
